---
title: Essential Studio for ASP.NET  2014 Volume 3 Release Notes  
description: Essential Studio for ASP.NET  2014 Volume 3 Release Notes  
platform: aspnet
documentation: ug
---

# Essential Studio for ASP.NET  Release Notes  

{% include release-info.html date="October 30, 2014"  version="v12.3.0.36" %} 






## Chart

### Features
{:#chart-features}
 
* Now Chart supports the following 10 Technical Indicators.
* Triangular Average Indicator.
* Stochastic Indicator.
* Simple Average Indicator.
* MACD Indicator.
* RSI Indicator.
* Exponential Average Indicator.
* Momentum Technical Indicator.
* Average True Range Indicator.
* Bollinger Band Indicator.
* Accumulation Distribution indicator.


### Bug fixes
{:#chart-bug-fixes}

* \#143230 - Currency format will now work in tooltip template.

* \#132215 - Server side event pointRegionClick now works correctly in Chart.
* \#132770-Bubble chart now gets rendered properly even when both X and Y values are 0 and it is passed through data source.
* \#132394-Cleared the misbehavior of RangePadding additional value.
* \#132394-Now Data label fill color is applying properly in chart.
* \#132394-Now Data labels and markers are fully visible even specifying the plotOffset.
* \#131936 - Fixed rendering issue with X axis labels when passing values as string.
* \#129156 - Chart now gets rendered in canvas when width is set to 100%.
* \#132165 - Browser no longer hangs when point value is less than 1 in log axis.


## DataPicker

### Bug fixes
{:#datapicker-bug-fixes}

* \#130071 - Now, we will be able to retrieve proper date value in code behind. 
## Diagram

### Features
{:#diagram-features}

* Option to customize the space between nodes and connector (when connected) has been provided.
* Built-in support for JSRender for HTML and Native node has been provided
* Grouping Implementation changes for Layout has been provided.
* \#130274 - Bridge direction support for line bridging has been provided.


### Bug fixes
{:#diagram-bug-fixes}

* \#131915 - Selection handle is now available for swimlane in the diagram builder.
* \#131915 - Fixed the palette node rendering issue on the canvas.
* \#131915 - Fixed the issues in swimlane properties of header text and fontsize.
* \#132284,#132575 - Fixed the issue in exporting path data.
* \#132464 - Fixed the issue with multiple selection in the swimlane.
* \#132464,#132539 - Fixed the issue with align commands in the lane.
* \#131915 - Fixed the issues in setting lane height and width properties.
* \#132747 - Fixed the issue in serializing the phases.
* \#132795 - Fixed the issue with text editing in label.
* \#132284 - Fixed the issue in exporting Swimlane shape.
* \#132900 - Arrow keys are now working while performing text editing in label.
* \#131915 - Lane is now translated correctly in the palette.
* \#133248 - Fixed the issue in resizing the lane.


### Breaking changes
{:#diagram-breaking-changes}

* Shape's ContentId and Html properties are depreciated. Instead of this, use Shape's TemplateId property. 
## DocIO

### Features
{:#docio-features}

* \#130995 - Support to execute mail merge for nested groups using relational data objects have been added.
* \#128856 - Support to insert and update bookmark cross reference field have been added.


### Bug fixes
{:#docio-bug-fixes}

* \#131572 - Fixed the issue with MappedFields property during mail merge.
* \#131305 - CharacterFormat property of WFieldMark class has now been exposed as public.
* \#131457,#131456 - Fixed the tab and table content preservation issues in HTML to Word document conversion.
* \#131272 - Null reference exception is no longer thrown while opening the Word document.
* \#131309 - Fixed the shadow preservation issue in DOTX to DOCX conversion.
* \#131266 - Fixed the content preservation issue while converting Word document to PDF.
* \#130616 - Null reference exception is no longer thrown in Doc to Pdf conversion.
* \#131175 - Index out of range exception is no longer thrown while updating the TableOfContents.
* \#131175 - Fixed the image position preservation issue in doc to pdf conversion.
* \#131092 - Fixed the superscript text preservation issue in doc to pdf conversion.
* \#131157,#133062 - Fixed the image position preservation issue in doc to pdf conversion.
* \#131041 - Fixed background color preservation issue with Frames.
* \#130949 - Fixed the symbol and horizontal merge preservation issue while saving the document as RTF.
* \#130989 - Fixed the issue with picture preservation while resaving the Word document through DocIO.
* \#130941 - Fixed the image original size preservation issue for the inserted EMF image.
* \#130863 - Fixed the text position preservation issue while resaving the DOCX document.
* \#130008 - Null reference exception is no longer thrown while resaving the Doc format document.
* \#130743 - Fixed the heading preservation issue while converting word document to HTML.
* \#130743 - Fixed the footnote reference marker navigation issue in Word to HTML conversion.
* \#130615 - Fixed the image preservation issue in Word document to PDF conversion.
* \#130485 - Argument out of range exception is no longer thrown in Word document to PDF conversion.
* \#132346 - Argument out of range exception is no longer thrown while adding new rows to the existing table in the Doc format document.
* \#130469 - Fixed the TOC corruption issue while updating the TableOfContents.
* \#130305 - Unicode characters in item name of compressed file are preserved properly.
* \#129842 - Fixed the shape size preservation issue in DOCX to DOCX conversion.
* \#129765 - Fixed the table border preservation issue in Doc to PDF conversion.
* \#131911 - Fixed the content overlapping and content preservation issues in Doc to Pdf conversion.
* \#131586 - "You cannot add no cloned entity from other document" exception is no longer thrown while inserting the paragraph from one document to another.
* \#130401 - Fixed the content preservation issues in Doc to Pdf conversion.
* \#131356 - ArgumentOutOfRangeException is no longer thrown while parsing the attached RTF document.
* \#131839 - Added API to access local reference of Hyperlink in Word document using DocIO.
* \#118634 - Fixed the issue with content alignment in word to pdf conversion.
* \#128020 - Fixed the text watermark preservation issue in Word to EMF conversion.
* \#126021 -Extra page is no longer added in DocToPDF conversion using DocIO in French culture.

## DropDownList

### Features
{:#dropdownlist-features}

* Template support have been provided to add custom content inside DropDownList


## Grid

### Bug fixes
{:#grid-bug-fixes}

* \#132102 - SelectedRowIndex property can be set from code behind.
* \#131866 - Syncfusion ASP.NET Web Site template now supports with navigation.
* \#132365 - Date is now formatted correctly when using SQL DataSourceID.
* \#132158 - Grid updated model values are reflected correctly in server side while exporting.

### Features
{:#grid-features}

* Provided MultiSorting UI support for Grid.
* Provided Stacked Header support for all Grid features.
* Provided Adaptive Grid support for Grid

###  Breaking-changes
{:#grid-breaking-changes}

*  The API StackedHeaderColumn has been renamed to StackedHeaderColumns
*  The API StackedHeaderText has been renamed to HeaderText
*  The API VirtualScollMode has been renamed to VirtualScrollMode


## PDF

* \#131389 - Page size no longer shows negative value while loading into PdfLoadedDocument.
* \#130495 - Helvetica font now applies Unicode type while converting from Doc to PDF.
* \#129561 - Pdf document no longer hangs while loading in PdfLoadedDocument.
* \#131175,#131295 - Image is now preserved while converting EMF to PDF.
* \#131074 - Object null reference exception no longer occurs when extracting the font from existing PDF.
* \#130433 - Conversion time is now reduced while converting from Doc to PDF.
* \#103434 - Support is provided to load and add PDF layers in existing document.
* \#131068 - Exception is no longer thrown when replacing the image from pdf.
* \#131175,#131295 - Fixed the italic character preservation issue while converting EMF to PDF.
* \#131548 - Exception no longer occurs while adding Header alone in PdfGrid.
* \#128301 - Argument exception occurs when merging the document.
* \#132306 - Exception occurs while loading the particular Pdf file.
* \#130780 - Image preservation issue occurs when loading the password protected pdf.
* \#131670 - Exception is now thrown while trying to perform operations with a corrupted PDF document.

## PivotGrid

### Features
{:#pivotgrid-features}

* Provided support for relational datasources. 

###  Breaking changes
{:#pivotgrid-breaking-changes}

* Component name has been changed from "OlapGrid" to "PivotGrid".
* Class name has been changed from "OlapGrid" to "PivotGrid".
* Namespace has been changed from "Syncfusion.JavaScript.Olap.OlapGrid" to "Syncfusion.JavaScript.PivotGrid".
* Component initialization has been changed from "ej:OlapGrid" to "ej:PivotGrid" in design page.

## Predictive Analytics

### Features
{:#predictive-analytics-features}

* PMML stands for Predictive Model Markup Language. It is an XML-based file format developed by the Data Mining Group to provide a way for applications to describe and exchange models produced by data mining and machine learning algorithms. The Syncfusion PMML Execution engine directly score (interpret) the models based on PMML against inputs and provide output values. Important features of PMML Execution Engine are as follows.
* Score inputs and provide output values.The results will match results obtained from R.Predicts both classification (Categorical values) as well as regression (Numeric values).Calculates the probability of prediction in case of categorical output.
* Now PMML Execution Engine extends its support for the following models
* Clustering Model
* Cox Regression Model
* Multinomial Regression Model
* Neural Networks Model

### Bug fixes
{:#predictive-analytics-bug-fixes}

* Improved performance in Support vector machine model

## RangeNavigator

### Bug fixes
{:#rangenavigator-bug-fixes}
 
* \#132939-End value of SelectRangeSettings no longer returns the value as date time format when the value type is numerical.
* \#130985-SelectedRangeEnd no longer change when changing the selectedRangeStart at first time.

## ReportViewer

### Features
{:#reportviewer-features}

* \#SubReport Event Support Added.
* \#FitToPage Support Added.


## Ribbon


### Features
{:#ribbon-features}

* Ribbon Control provides support for Application Menu, Button, Split Button, Dropdown,Contextual Tabs, Expand/Collapse Ribbon and Group Expander. We can group the elements and separate the elements using group separators.

## Schedule

### Features
{:#schedule-features}

* Complete angular support has been provided for Schedule control.
* Custom date rendering support has been added to render user-specified date ranges alone in the schedule control.
* Custom date format feature has been added to support different date-formats.
* MinDate and MaxDate supports have been added to enable the specific date ranges in the Schedule control.
* Import feature has been added to import the appointments from an .ics file into the Schedule control.
* Mouse selection and Keyboard navigation support have been added for horizontal Schedule mode.


### Breaking changes
{:#schedule-breaking-changes}

* The event name "DragOver" has been now changed to "Drag".
* The event name "Resizing" has been now changed to "Resize".
* The event name "DragDrop" has been now changed to "DragStop".
* The client-side public method name "export" has been changed to "exportSchedule" which takes an extra parameter id to support the export of a single appointment.

