---
title       : Essential Studio ASP.NET 2015 Vol 4 Release Notes
description : Essential Studio ASP.NET 2015 Vol 4 Release Notes
platform    : aspnet
---

# Essential Studio for ASP.NET Release Notes

{% include release-info.html date="January 13, 2016" version="v13.4.0.53" %} 





## Chart

### Bug Fixes
{:#chart-bug-fixes}

* \#143628 - Annotation is now rendering properly on legend click.
* \#120794 - Rounding place is now working for dataLabel.
* \#144372 - Automatic interval for custom range is now calculated properly for numeric axis.
* \#145569 - AxesLabelRendering event is now triggering for first label of axis.
* \#140909 - Additional RangePadding is now working properly.
* \#146131 - Now PointRegion click event will not trigger on clicking zoom buttons.
* \#147130 - Now chart will not crash when binding empty datasource.
* \#121284, \#147788 - We can now set minimum and maximum value for axis range in design page.
* \#121284, \#147911 - We can now set X and Y position for annotation in design page.
* \#149191, \#121562 - Data label template is now working properly for datetime axis.
* \#147629, \#148176 - Label format is now added for dataLabel.
* \#147629 - Added data label template for 3D chart.
* \#147499 - Chart is now rendering properly without long running script error when the rounding place is 1.
* \#147230 - Legend is now rendering properly with special character.
* Now the range for log axis should be in power of log base like 10^1, 10^2, 10^3 etc.

### Features
{:#chart-features}

* Provided support for Error bar in chart.
* Provided support for Waterfall chart.
* Provided options for customizing the empty point.
* Provided support for selecting multiple data point or series.
* Provided support for trimming or wrapping legend text.
* Provided support for preventing the tooltip in trackball from overlapping. 
* Series is now supported with dashed border.
* Chart now have the option to toggle the side by side placement of the series.
* Additional events have been added to handle user interaction in Chart, annotations and axis labels.

### Breaking Changes
{:#chart-breaking-changes}

* Tooltip decimal value cannot be rounded using RoundingPlaces property in axis, instead we can round using tooltip format.
* Default size of legend icon has been changed from (10,10) to (9,9).


## CheckBox

### Breaking Changes
{:#checkbox-breaking-changes}

* \#146492 – CheckChange event argument `isChecked` now returns the Boolean type value.


## Common

### Breaking Changes
{:#common-breaking-changes}

* [Click here,](http://help.syncfusion.com/js/backward-compatibility) to know about the list of API's removed or modified in the vol-4 release.
## DatePicker

### Features
{:#datepicker-features}

* \#148864 – New custom class can be added to special date fields, which allows to add the required styles to special date.

## Diagram

### Features
{:#diagram-features} 

* \#145728 - Support to provide scaling for the Label's Text Editor has been implemented.
* \#145263, \#145437 - Support to edit the diagram through API methods, when diagram is readonly has been implemented.
* \#143229 - Built-in support to update the diagram size on window resizing has been provided.
* \#143724 - Template support for palette header has been implemented.
* \#142040 - Support to drag and drop elements from one diagram to another has been implemented.
* \#146304,\#147801 - Support to prevent the element from moving outside of page bounds has been implemented.

## DocIO

### Features
{:#docio-features} 

* \#121151 - Support to access and modify begin and end arrow head style for a line shape has been added.

### Bug Fixes
{:#docio-bug-fixes} 

* \#144170, \#148351 - Out of memory exception is no longer thrown while converting Word document to PDF.
* \#143542 - Content preservation issue while converting Word document to PDF has been fixed.
* \#143555 - Cell border preservation issue in header row while converting Word document to PDF has been fixed.
* \#144762 - Culture not supported exception is no longer thrown while opening the particular Word document. 
* \#143753 - Wrong image extension issue while converting Word DOC format document to DOCX document has been fixed.
* \#144991 - Null reference exception is no longer thrown while cloning table rows.
* \#143820 - Text box preservation issue while importing document contents has been fixed.
* \#141530 - Date format preservation issue while resaving the Word document has been fixed.
* \#145324 - Table border preservation issue while converting Word document to PDF has been fixed.
* \#145258 - Null reference exception is no longer thrown while closing the document.
* \#144371 - Argument out of range exception is no longer thrown while merging two documents.
* \#144511 - Incorrect page number issue while updating Table of contents has been fixed.
* \#144137 - Footnote preservation issue while separating each as section as new document has been fixed.
* \#145619 - Content preservation issue while deleting bookmark content has been fixed.
* \#144442 - Parameter not valid exception is no longer thrown while converting Word document containing shape to PDF.
* \#145088 - Image preservation issue while converting Word document to PDF has been fixed.
* \#144498 - Paragraph border preservation issue while converting Word document to PDF has been fixed.
* \#146059 - File corruption issue while opening DocIO generated document in Word 2007 has been fixed.
* \#145250 - Text box preservation issue while importing document contents twice has been fixed.
* \#145150, \#145586, \#145886, \#146121, \#147132, \#147967 - Argument out of Range exception is no longer thrown while replacing text in the document.
* \#145475 - File corruption issue while resaving the Word document containing shape has been fixed.
* \#146608 - String was not recognized as a valid Boolean exception is no longer thrown while opening the particular DOCX document.
* \#146207 - Page number missing issue while updating Table of contents has been fixed.
* \#145274 - Table preservation issue while converting Word document to PDF has been fixed.
* \#146185 - Bullet character preservation issue while cloning the contents to another document has been fixed.
* \#144420 - Table left indent preservation issue while converting Word document to PDF has been fixed.
* \#146416 - Performance has been improved while saving the document containing tables.
* \#146571 - Paragraph before space preservation issue while converting Word document to PDF has been fixed.
* \#144057 - Process is no longer terminated partially while converting Word document to PDF.
* \#148124 - Null reference exception is no longer thrown while converting Word document to PDF.
* \#144057 - Incorrect page number preservation issue while updating Table of contents has been fixed.
* \#147628 - Updating Table of contents in the Word document no longer hangs.
* \#148166 - Text position issue based on text wrapping while converting Word document to PDF has been fixed.
* \#147760 - Image position preservation issue while converting Word document to PDF has been fixed.
* \#147628 - Stack overflow exception is no longer thrown while opening the Word document.
* \#148656 - Table border preservation issue while converting HTML to Word document has been fixed.
* \#146067 - File corruption issue while resaving the Word document containing more than 63 cells in a table row has been fixed.
* \#148214 - Table cell border preservation issue while converting Word document to HTML has been fixed.
* \#148194 - Argument exception is no longer thrown on saving the document containing invalid surrogate characters.
* \#148571 - Argument exception is no longer thrown while saving the Word document.
* \#148773 - Content preservation issue while converting HTML to PDF has been fixed.
* \#147628 - Null reference exception is no longer thrown while opening the Word document.
* \#147628 - Index out of range exception is no longer thrown while updating field.
* \#148131 - Text position issue based on text wrapping while converting Word document to PDF has been fixed.
* \#148200 - Text visibility issue while converting Word document to PDF has been fixed.
* \#147628 - Updating field in the Word document no longer hangs.
* \#147910 - Null reference exception is no longer thrown while Mail merging.
* \#144572 - Image and table position preservation issue in footer while resaving the DOCX document has been fixed.
* \#147836 - Null reference exception is no longer thrown while resaving the Word document containing chart.
* \#145088 - Converting the document containing chart to PDF no longer hangs.

## DropDownList

### Bug Fixes
{:#dropdownlist-bug-fixes} 

* \#148476 – Binding items to the DropDownList using `Select` method is working properly.
## Schedule

### Features
{:#schedule-features} 

* Distinct time interval option with well-classified and customizable major & minor slots (TimeScale) has been introduced to view the appointments clearly.
* PDF Export option has been added to the Scheduler which allows the users to export its content into PDF file format.
* The user can now customize other Scheduler elements like work cells, all-day cells and date header cells with template option.
* Validation support has been added to the Scheduler appointment window fields to empower the client-side validation.
* The work cells in the timeline view has now been improved to automatically adjust its height based on its exceeding appointment count. The same is applicable for month view in Vertical View.
* Support for dragging and dropping external items to and from the Scheduler control has been added. 
* The recurrence appointments are now indicated with an icon depicting that it belongs to recurrence type.
* Appointment resizing has been enhanced with live effect of previewing the old and new appointment time. 
* Up and Down arrow indication support has been added to depict the particular day contains more appointments either upwards/downwards.
* The lengthier appointments are now indicated with a left/right arrow indication when it’s time exceeds/precedes the current week/month.

### Bug Fixes
{:#schedule-bug-fixes} 

* \#146903 - Priority option now applies properly for the all-day appointments.
* \#146651 - Date navigation works properly now while refreshing the Scheduler.
* \#146458 - Schedule performance is improved for loading appointments of more number of resources.
* \#146354, \#146356, \#146653 - Issue with display of Appointment summary in Scheduler is resolved now.
* \#146020 - Issue with editing single occurrence of the recurrence appointment not getting reflected on the databased is fixed.
* \#146176 - Horizontal resource grouping is rendering properly.
* \#146000 - The date content in the quick window can be now customized using `CellClick` event.
* \#145650 - Appointments are rendering properly in accordance with the Daylight saving time of the respective time zones.
* \#148668 - Long duration appointments are rendering properly in WorkWeek view while setting `FirstDayOfWeek` option.
* \#148671 - New server-side event `KeyDown` has been added to handle the keyboard actions.
* \#148374 - New public method `getSlotByElement` has been added to access data(resources, date and time) of appropriate cells.
* \#148329 - Schedule no more crashes on setting empty dataSource.
* \#147770 - Appointments are displaying properly while navigating from month view to day view through overflow icon.
* \#147638 - Schedule renders properly while collapsing the resource group in timeline view.
* \#147636 - Recurrence appointments are rendering properly in month view with yearly repeat mode.
* \#147593 - Localized day names in short form are displaying correctly for all the cultures.
* \#147486 - Scheduler is now able to print all the resources in timeline view.
* \#147320, \#148005 - Appointment height is updating properly while setting through template in horizontal week view.
* \#146230 - Script error has been fixed while opening the custom appointment window in timeline view.
* \#144467 - Recurrence rule of the appointments are updating properly now with the custom appointment window.
* \#145909 - Issue with appointment ID not incrementing properly while creating more than one appointments through public `saveAppointment` method has been fixed.
* \#144956 - Appointment drag and drop functionality works properly now.
* \#145793 - Issue with an additional day added to the date range in agenda view has been fixed.
* \#145346 - When the first day of week is changed, current date is highlighted correctly.
* \#144467 - No duplicate appointments are created while dragging and dropping the multi-split recurrence appointment.
* \#144961 - Issue with initial date navigation in custom view with dates less than 7 has been fixed.
* \#143705 - The Datepicker in Scheduler no more collapses while using `CssClass` property.
* \#147609 - The mapper field `GroupId` within `Resources` API can now be mapped with any user-given names.
* \#148810 - Appointments are deleting properly now while using batch URL.
* \#145122, \#145891, \#145878, \#146086, \#145974 - Issue with ej tag not recognized in ASP.NET application has been fixed.
* \#148086 - All-day appointments with Start and End time values passed with string data type renders properly now.
* \#148175 - Schedule control is rendering properly now when placed within Tab control.
* \#147638, \#148436 - Scheduler performance has been improved as a whole and especially in timeline view.
* \#145073 - `MinDate` and `MaxDate` are applied properly now at initial execution.

### Breaking Changes
{:#schedule-breaking-changes} 

* The `ShowTimeScale` property name has been deprecated and instead the `Enable` option available within *TimeScale* is suggested to show/hide the time Scales.
* The events namely `AppointmentSaved`, `AppointmentEdited` and `AppointmentDeleted` has been deprecated and now comes with the new names `BeforeAppointmentCreate`, `BeforeAppointmentChange` and `BeforeAppointmentRemove` respectively.
* To show/hide the Previous and Next Appointment navigators in Scheduler, it’s been newly suggested to go with the `ShowAppointmentNavigator` API instead of `EnableAppointmentNavigation` which is deprecated.
* The `AllowDragDrop` property has also been deprecated in this release and comes with a standard name `AllowDragAndDrop` to cope with the standard naming convention.
## FileExplorer

### Features	
{:#file-explorer-features} 

* \#141095 – Now FileExplorer control will not throw script error when you specify the file/folder name with 200 or more characters. 

* \#141095 - We can create the new folder in file system using context menu even if the content is full in grid view of files.

* \#141095 – New sample is added to showcase the RTL with localization support.

* \#F119938 – Column template option has been provided for FileExplorer.





## Gantt

### Features
{:#gantt-features} 

* \#146380, \#146718, \#147022, \#147249 - Implemented Toolbar click event in Gantt. 
* \#144007 - Support for restraining taskbar auto validation due to predecessors has been provided.
* \#144527 -  Support for changing splitter position based on column width has been provided.
* \#146380, \#146718, \#147022, \#147249 - Implemented events to get notification when add/edit dialog opens or closes.

### Breaking Changes
{:#gantt-breaking-changes} 

* `SplitterPosition` property in Gantt has been deprecated, instead `SplitterSettings` property has been introduced.
* The default value for `EnableResize` property has been changed to true.
## Grid

### Bug Fixes
{:#grid-bug-fixes} 

* \#147450 - No Misalignment when enable the vertical scrollbar in SummaryValues.
* \#147477 - Alignment support provided to the ~SummaryValue while Exporting.
* \#147477 - Right Alignment issue works in PdfExporting when set the ~isAutoFit property.
* \#148389 - Touch scroll works in sample browser.

### Breaking Changes
{:#grid-breaking-changes} 

* The locale object property ej.Grid.locale, ej.Pager.locale and ej.ExcelFilter.locale changed as ej.Grid.Locale, ej.Pager.Locale and ej.ExcelFilter.Locale respectively.
* Removed the thick bottom border from grid header.
* Provided indeterminate state support in excel filter.
* Grid Row selected index will not persist, when we set ~allowSelection as false through set model. 

## ListBox

### Bug fixes
{:#listbox-bug-fixes} 

* \#148476 - Binding items to the ListBox using `SelectMethod` is now working properly.
* \#148690 - The item text is flickering on item selection is fixed now.

### Breaking changes
{:#listbox-breaking-changes} 

* \#146829- Now ListBox control events `ClientSideOnItemDragStart`, `ClientSideOnItemDragStop`, `ClientSideOnItemDrop` and `ClientSideOnItemDrag` provides the item list in an array type via event argument.
## PDF

### Features
{:#pdf-features} 

* Support for adding `PdfHtmlTextElement` in `PdfGridCell` has been added.
* Support for adding `PdfTextElement` in `PdfGridCell` has been added.
* Support for Circle, Ellipse, Polyline, Polygon, Rectangle, Square annotation has been added.
* Support for `BeginCellLayout` and `EndCellLayout` event in PdfGrid has been added.
* Support for adding hyperlinks in `PdfGridCell` has been added.
* `PdfGrid` cells can now have unique cell paddings instead of uniform paddings for the entire table.

### Bug fixes
{:#pdf-bug-fixes} 

* \#142878 - Document is no more corrupted while changing permissions for PDF.
* Null reference exception is not thrown anymore while importing pages of loaded document.
* Textbox border color is correct now when loading the existing PDF form.
* \#143205 - Images are now replaced properly in the existing document.
* \#143767 - Images are preserved properly now in word to PDF conversion. 
* \#143809 - No more black borders are shown in form fields for the border width of zero.
* \#143869 - No more PDF syntax error occurs after carrying out OCR.
* \#143875 - PDF lexer exception is not thrown anymore when loading the particular PDF document.
* \#144199 - Texts are displayed properly now when converting XPS to PDF.
* \#144523 - OCR text is not visible and searchable now when applying OCR to the particular PDF document.
* \#144761 - PDF generation does not hang anymore when running in multithreading.
* \#145021 - Index out of range exception is not thrown anymore when generate QR code for particular URL text.
* \#146038 - No more white border appear when applying the transparency to the form field border color.
* \#146102 - Contents are preserved properly now for the rotated PDF document.
* \#145340 - Background color is now applied properly when merging the rows in PDF grid.
* \#145474 - Texts are not overlapped while converting XPS to PDF.
* \#145539 - Collection was modified exception is not thrown anymore while saving the document.
* \#146359 - Exception is not thrown anymore when accessing the conformance level of PDF document.
* \#146394 - Transparency is preserved properly in PDF document when convert XPS to PDF.
* \#146454 - Signature panel is now visible when signing an existing PDF document.
* \#146456 - Out of memory exception is not thrown when applying OCR to the particular document.
* \#147063 - Index out of bounds exception is not thrown anymore when merging the particular PDF documents.
* \#147181 - Exceptions is not thrown anymore while extracting the text from PDF Document.
* \#147856 - Texts are aligned properly now when running the project without debugger mode.
* \#147956 - Positions are correct now when drawing an image with particular PDF document.
* \#147997 - Not enough space exception is not thrown anymore when drawing a `PdfLightTable`.
* \#148112 - No more memory leak occurs when performing OCR in large PDF document.
* \#148235 - No more text will be visible when performing OCR in the PDF document.
* \#148326 - Exception is not thrown anymore when drawing `PdfLightTable`.
* \#148861 - Exception is not thrown anymore when drawing multiple `PdfLightTable` sequentially in PDF document.
## PivotGrid

### Features
{:#pivotgrid-features}

* \#134761,\#136150,\#141741,\#142567,\#142566,\#147387 - PivotGrid can now work completely on client-side for relational data sources alone. The raw items are sent in JSON format, resulting in a summarized PivotGrid with drill up and drill down capabilities. Along with this features like sorting and filtering are also supported. UI interactions can be done either through Grouping Bar or PivotTable Field List. To know more about this support, [click here](http://asp.syncfusion.com/demos/web/pivotgrid/relationaldefault.aspx)
## Predictive Analytics

### Features
{:#predictive-analytics-features}

* Added support to apply built-in and define functions under Transformation dictionary.

* Added support for PMML files generated by IBM SPSS for the following models:

* C-R Tree 
* QUEST
* CHAID
* Linear Regression
* Neural Net
* C5.0
* Logistic Regression
* Apriori
* Genlin 
* SVM
* K-Means 
* Kohonen
* GLMM 
* Decision List 
* Cox 
* Sequence
* Carma 

## Presentation

### Features
{:#presentation-feature}

* \#138896, \#138971  - Added support to create and modify the SmartArt diagrams.

### Breaking Changes
{:#presentation-breaking-changes}

* The types "L_Shape" and "LShape" of AutoShapeType enum will be no longer available. The new type "Corner" was added to replace these types.

### Bug Fixes
{:#presentation-bug-fixes}

* \#148305 - IsHorizontalMerge is now enabled on setting the ColumnSpan property.
* \#147721 - Table rows are now preserved as in input file during presentation to PDF conversion.
* \#148508 - The chart is now preserved properly while resaving a PowerPoint presentation.
* \#147836 - Null reference exception is no longer thrown while resaving a PowerPoint presentation having charts.
* \#146862 - Font is now preserved in the table cell having empty text.
* \#145664 - The issue with chart type is always "Column_Clustered" if the series has been cleared is now resolved.
* \#145854 - Null reference exception is no longer thrown while accessing an empty cell in the embedded excel of chart.
* \#145625 - Chart data is now cleared properly using ChartData.Clear() method.
* \#146464 - Object disposed exception is now handled while saving presentation as stream.
* \#145088 - Converting the presentation containing chart to PDF no longer hangs.

## ReportViewer

### Features
{:#reportviewer-features}

* \#148598 - Provided Convert expression support for ReportViewer.
* \#145148 - Exposed shared data source credentials information to IReportController.
* \#146681 - Provided support to get available data source.

### Bug Fixes
{:#reportviewer-bug-fixes}

* \#145780 - Assembly reference path in Code Modules now works properly.
* \#145976 - Image can be loaded from HTTPS link.
* \#144747 - Incorrect expressions spacing problem has been resolved.
* \#147754 - Images can be loaded from Dataset Fields.
* \#148168 - Resolved the browser orientation problem in printing.
* \#148598 - Incorrect millisecond formatting has been resolved.
* \#147730 - All report exceptions added to ReportViewer Error event.
* \#146054 - ReportViewer performance problem when rendering huge Report Items has been resolved.
* \#148168 - Resolved the Tablix cell width problem when exceeds the parent report item width.
* \#146053 - Resolved nested Tablix report items overlapping.
* \#148088 - Resolved exception in enabling optional parameters function invoking in Code Modules.
* \#148168 - Resolved control performance problem when changing the orientation.
* \#146047 - Resolved dependent parameter value changing while refreshing the report.

## Ribbon

### Features
{:#ribbon-features}

* Implemented Quick Access Toolbar

## Sample Creator

### Features
{:#sample-creator-feature}

* \#142801 - Integrated the Sample Creator for ASP.NET Platform.


## Splitter

### Features
{:#splitter-features}

* \#136222, #146088 - `Collapsible` API will hide/show the particular pane only.



## Tab

### Features
{:#tab-features}

* \#146560 - `HiddenItemIndex` property is added in Tab control in order to hide the tab item by index .

### Bug Fixes
{:#tab-bug-fixes}

* \#147082- Not able to add new tab item in an empty Tab control has been fixed now.

## TileView
 
### Features
{:#tileview-features}

* \#F119938 – TileView layout can be customized now.


## TreeGrid

### Features
{:#treegrid-features}

* \#143274 -Performance has been improved while rendering large data in collapsed state.  
* \#137255, \#138371,\#139356, \#143503, \#144557, \#144625 - Support for custom column header has been provided.
* \#141000 - Support for custom sub-context menu item has been provided.
* \#139356, \#141368, \#145247, \#147299, \#148240 - Support for freezing columns has been provided.
* \#147639, \#148244 - Support to trigger rowSelected event, when a row is selected on mouse right click, has been provided.

### Breaking Changes
{:#treegrid-breaking-changes}

* The default value for `EnableResize` property has been changed to true.

## Uploadbox

### Bug Fixes
{:#uploadbox-bug-fixes}

* \#146519- In Uploadbox, `DropAreaHeight` and `DropAreaWidth` property values are affected by bootstrap CSS has been resolved.
## VS Extensions

### Features
{:#vs-extensions-features}

* \#146996 - Getting confirmation before Conversion and Migration.

### Bug fixes
{:#vs-extensions-bug-fixes}

* \#146996 - Remove the Task bar icon in Visual Studio Extension dialogs.
* \#146484, \#148959, \#148438 - Remove the Extension entries in unsupported project nodes.
* \#146073 - Handle the Exceptions with proper message.


## XlsIO

### Bug fixes
{:#xlsio-bug-fixes}

* \#137871 - Text alignment differs while exporting to PDF is resolved.
* \#139737 - Data validations in extension list are no longer lost while re-saving.
* \#139986 - Looping issue while parsing an empty element in Excel to PDF conversion is resolved.
* \#140408 - Calibri Unicode characters issue in PDF conversion is fixed.
* \#140408 - Alignment issue while converting Calibri Unicode characters to PDF is resolved.
* \#140485 - Cell background color missing due to improper style reference is resolved.
* \#140547 - Argument out of range exception is no more thrown when converting an Excel file in Italian culture to PDF.
* \#140873 - File no longer gets corrupted due to repeated data validations during `CopyTo()`.
* \#140888 - Issues with cell formatting are fixed.
* \#141140, \#F119555 - Null reference exception thrown due to improper date format is fixed in PDF conversion.
* \#141188 - Shapes overlapping issue in merged ranges is resolved.
* \#141200 - RTF issue with line breaks is resolved.
* \#141287, \#143511 - Parse exception is no more thrown with formulas in Excel file.
* \#141357 - Format exception is no more thrown when converting an Excel file to PDF.
* \#141360 - Date format loss in display text having formulas, is resolved.
* \#141373 - Application exception is no longer thrown while opening a file.
* \#141529 - Time formatting issues are resolved.
* \#141783, \#142874, \#144317 - Data validations with extension lists are no more missed while re-saving.
* \#141835, \#142140 - Out of memory exception is no longer thrown during `AutoFitColumns`.
* \#141904 - Chart data range is updated properly while inserting a new range.
* \#142117, \#144113 - Custom DateTime formatting issues are resolved.
* \#142165 - Performance issue while accessing row height is resolved.
* \#142285 - Number format with escape sequences issue is fixed.
* \#142507 - Issue with display text dropping last character "0" (zero) is resolved.
* \#142530 - Exception is no more thrown while protecting an unprotected sheet in binary file.
* \#142538 - Merged cells text alignment issue in PDF conversion is fixed.
* \#142611 - Row height is now properly updated in copied worksheets.
* \#142740, \#143592 - Argument exception is no more thrown while parsing workbook with shapes.
* \#142755 - Parse exception is no more thrown while accessing conditional formats.
* \#142811 - Incorrect borders on merged cells in PDF conversion is resolved.
* \#142816 - Print area is null while changing the workbook version is resolved.
* \#142969 - Support is provided to parse and serialize the chart caches.
* \#143074 - Row height issue for rotated text in merged cell is resolved.
* \#143378 - Calculated value of named range now returns proper value.
* \#143421 - Chart is now properly converted while passing file stream in ExcelToPDFConverter.
* \#143460 - Access violation exception is no more thrown while closing the workbook.
* \#143661 - Chart position is now retained properly in PDF conversion.
* \#143769 - Null reference exception while setting footer image is no more thrown while converting Excel to PDF.
* \#143769 - `ScaleWithDocument` option is now working properly in PDF conversion.
* \#144471 - The outline wrapper range is now properly updated while modifying the rows within the group.
* \#147078 - Number format is now preserved properly while exporting from Grid to Excel.
* \#143604 - Issue with `Worksheet.Replace` method setting cell content to lower-case is fixed.
* \#145491 - XlsIO throws exception when the time value is zero is fixed.
* \#143744 - Custom number format characters change to lower-case is fixed.
* \#145792 - Null reference exception is no more thrown while parsing charts with category labels of empty strings.
* \#143212 - Column auto-fit sets proper width when workbook font is specified.
* \#144486 - X Error bars on chart cannot be assigned and throws exception is resolved.
* \#144891 - RTF support is implemented for chart elements in binary file.
* \#145969 - Exception is no more thrown while parsing formula tokens.
* \#146015 - Argument exception while parsing the CF record of `IconSet` is resolved.
* \#146483 - Argument exception is thrown while setting number format containing EUR with \# is resolved.
* \#147084 - Access violation exception on converting sheet to HTML is resolved.
* \#145835 - Page field for pivot table is now serialized properly.
* \#143187 - Issue with display text returns zero at number format applied cell where Excel returns nothing, is fixed.
* \#145889 - XlsIO workbook names collection is made case insensitive similar to Excel.
* \#146739 - Performance issue in workbook to HTML conversion is resolved.
* \#146741 - Issue with picture's Column offset/Row offset when the column/row is hidden is fixed.
* \#146722 - File is no longer corrupted while re-saving Excel file with encoded values.
* \#147337, \#147464 - Reference to CSS file is removed while converting worksheet to HTML.
* \#147604 - Issue with RTF styles being overwritten while applying the style non-sequentially is fixed.
* \#147523 - Font styles on chart elements change while re-saving the file, is fixed.
* \#147613 - Issue with `isReplace` parameter in Subtotal is fixed.
* \#147344 - Exception thrown while converting workbook to HTML is resolved.
* \#147645, \#147732 - Looping occurs while parsing conditional format in PDF conversion is fixed.
* \#145835 - File with shapes is no longer corrupted while re-saving in 2007 and 2010 versions.
* \#147254 - `WrapText` is now preserved properly in .xls file.
* \#148689 - `ThrowNotSavedOnDestroy` returns wrong value while calling from destructor is fixed.
* \#148362 - Argument exception due to wrong column name is no longer thrown while opening a file.
* \#147518 - Chart title color is now properly preserved in re-saving binary files.
* \#144537, \#146780 - Display text is wrong on rounded number is fixed.
* \#147337 - Chart is misplaced in HTML conversion is fixed.
* \#148923 - `ActiveSheet.Select` property is now updated properly.
* \#149074 - Font record of legend is now preserved properly while re-saving a binary file.
* \#147880 - Formatting error is thrown while re-saving an Excel file in 97-2003 format is resolved.
* \#148028 - Raw rich text mark-up in cell is implemented.
* \#148566 - Overflow exception is thrown when form's offset exceeds Int32.MaxValue is fixed.
* \#147676 - Parameter invalid exception thrown while saving image in workbook is resolved.
* \#147447 - Chart grid lines with gradient colors are now preserved properly in re-saving binary files.
* \#144986 - PDF exception when saving a PDF document created with a disposed ExcelToPDFConverter is resolved.
* \#145864 - Images are now properly converted to PDF.
* Issues with copy and paste of tables with styles are fixed.
* Spark lines are now properly copied.
* Issues with number formats of different cultures are fixed.
* Issue with thousand separators not being included for exponential formats is fixed.
* Cell values and formats are updated properly while merging.
* AM/PM pattern not being recognized in German culture is fixed.
* DateTime issues in display text due to different culture are fixed.
* Not a legal oleaut date error while opening CSV file is resolved.
* Display texts are working properly for more than 15 digits.
* Incorrect display text for the number format ([mm]:ss) is fixed.
* Display text returns in lower case for the number format "DATE:" mm dd yyyy is fixed.
* Display text is not shown for fraction value is fixed.
* Display text issues for percentage and scientific number format are fixed.
* DateTime issues in Data validation are fixed.
* Conditional formatting range is now properly updated on clearing conditional formats.
* Conditional formats are duplicated while copying a range with `ExcelCopyRangeOptions.All` is fixed.
* Exceptions with decimal separators in conditional formats for different cultures are resolved.
* Sorting issues of cells with number and text, empty values and casing are fixed.
* Performance is improved in row and column grouping.
* Issues with active cell while freezing panes and saving XLTM file as XLSM file are fixed.
* RTF issues with superscript, subscript, casing and strikes in text box are fixed.
* Radar chart in Excel documents is preserved properly on re-save.
* Issues with visibility, rotation, label position, tick labels and tick marks in chart axis are fixed.
* Number format and series name issues in data points are fixed.
* Issues with chart and axis titles, categories and data label properties are fixed.
* Exception thrown while converting worksheet to HTML is resolved.
* RTF support is provided for header/footer in PDF conversion.
* Alignment issues with header/footer in PDF conversion are fixed.
* Table style issues in PDF conversion are resolved.
* Alignment issues of merged cells in PDF conversion are fixed.
* Number in exponential format is now converted properly in PDF conversion.
* Issue with custom page breaks in PDF conversion is fixed.
