---
title       : Essential Studio for ASP.NET 2016 Vol 3 Release Notes
description : Essential Studio for ASP.NET 2016 Vol 3 Release Notes
platform    : aspnet
---

# Essential Studio for ASP.NET Release Notes

{% include release-info.html date=site.releasedate.2016_vol_3 version=site.version.2016_vol_3 %} 





## Common 

### Features
{:#common-features}

* In ASP.NET Web Forms, we have provided `DataManager tag support` for the data binding controls like DropDownList, Menu etc.
* Essential Studio for ASP.NET components are now compatible with the latest version of jQuery 3.1.0
* jQuery easing external dependency has been removed from our JavaScript package from this version onwards.
* Four new themes are available for ASP.NET MVC components: two that are high contrast, a material theme, and an Office 365 theme.
## RadialSlider `preview`

We have newly introduced RadialSlider for ASP.NET core support. The RadialSlider provides an optimized interface for selecting a numeric value using a touch interface. Value is returned based on direct needle selection or needle move. It can also be customized as a full circle, half circle, or any portion of a circle, based on start angle and end angle.


### Features
{:#radialslider-features}

* Angle Support: Provides start and end angle level view of RadialSlider.
* Animation: Offers animation effect for the RadialSlider handle.
* Image Customization: Supports customize the images of the inner circle in Radial Slider.
* Dimension: Allows to change the radius and Stroke width of RadialSlider .
* Accuracy: Provides way to select accurate numeric value and customize the display values
## Tooltip `preview`

Provided `Wrapper support` for Tooltip control in ASP.NET Web Forms. 
 
 
### Features
{:#tooltip-features}

* Pop-up Display: The tooltip control displays a pop-up hint when users hover, click, or focus on an element. 
* Positioning: The tooltip will be positioned based on browser window, mouse, target element, or x and y coordinates. 
* Layout Customization: The tooltip's layout can be customized to create a distinct visualized element.

## Autocomplete

### Bug Fixes
{:#autocomplete-bug-fixes}

* \#159804 - Issue with clearing the SelectValueByKey and Value property from code behind have been fixed.
* \#154434 - Issue with Autocomplete using VisualMode with ASP RequiredFieldValidator have been fixed.

## Bulletgraph
 
### Features
{:#bulletgraph-features}
 
* Provided touch support for interactive feature like tooltip.



## Button

### Breaking Changes
{:#button-breaking-changes}

* `e-icon` class has been removed from ejButton source. Display EJ icons as prefix/suffix icon by using their corresponding class names along with `e-icon` class (`e-icon icon_name`).
## Captcha

### Bug Fixes
{:#captcha-bug-fixes}

* \#162764- We have provided the `PathName` property in Captcha which helps to map the refresh action.

## Chart

### Bug Fixes
{:#chart-bug-fixes}
 
* \#160143, \#161014, \#161078  - 3D chart is now rotating properly, when the web page is having more than one chart.
* \#156777 - Unwanted scrollbar in the window is now removed, while zooming the chart.
* \#159173 - Tooltip for chart is now working properly, when placing the chart in `Dialog` control.
* \#158340, \#159294  - Chart is now rendering properly, when binding small set of data to the series, after a large set.
* \#162439 - Axis font style will not change while scrolling the chart.
* \#162004 - Last label will not hide while rendering in mobile, when the `LabelPlacement` is `BetweenTicks` .
* \#161632, \#161794 - Zooming is now working properly in canvas mode.
* \#160593 - Stacking Area is now rendering properly, when it has null value. 
* \#160512 - Trackball tooltip is now displaying correct point index, when the series is having null value.
* \#163164 - Localization is now working properly for numeric axis.
* \#162980 - Axis range is now calculated properly for logarithmic axis.
* \#162776 - Chart is now updating on changing the [`DataSource`](https://help.syncfusion.com/js/api/ejchart#members:series-datasource) using KO Observable array.
* \#162220 - Y axis labels is now rendering properly when y axis `Range` starts from 0 and all y values has same decimal points. 
* \#162011 - Tooltip for axis is now showing labels properly.


 
### Features
{:#chart-features}

* \#157009 - Provided support for rounded corners in column chart. 
* \#145092 - Provided support for padding in axis title.  
* \#158006 - Provided support for showing trackball tooltip in grouped mode.  
* \#117713, \#147049, \#146053, \#121284, \#147784 - Provided support for multi-level axis labels. 
* \#155743, \#159246 - Provided support to select point/series programmatically while initializing the chart.  
* Provided support to wrap the data label in Pie, Doughnut, Pyramid and Funnel series. 
* Provided support for rounded corners in trackball tooltip.
* Provided touch support for interactive features like trackball, crosshair, tooltip, selection and pinch zooming.

### Breaking Changes
{:#chart-breaking-changes}

* Rounded corner `Rx` and `Ry` values for crosshair tooltip has been changed from 0 to 3.
* Now the trackball tooltip will render with rounded corners by default. 
* Revamped the position and content of trackball tooltip in charts such as Candle, OHLC, HiLo, Range Column, Range Area.
* Default font size of [`Title.Font.Size`](https://help.syncfusion.com/js/api/ejchart#members:title-font-size) has been changed from 20px to 16px.
* Default font size of [`PrimaryXAxis.Title.Font.Size`](https://help.syncfusion.com/js/api/ejchart#members:primaryxaxis-title-font-size) has been changed from 16px to 14px.
* Default font size of [`PrimaryYAxis.Title.Font.Size`](https://help.syncfusion.com/js/api/ejchart#members:primaryyaxis-title-font-size) has been changed from 16px to 14px.
* Default font size of [`PrimaryXAxis.Font.Size`](https://help.syncfusion.com/js/api/ejchart#members:primaryxaxis-font-size) has been changed from 13px to 11px.
* Default font size of [`PrimaryYAxis.Font.Size`](https://help.syncfusion.com/js/api/ejchart#members:primaryyaxis-font-size) has been changed from 13px to 11px.
* Default font size of [`Series.Marker.DataLabel.Font.Size`](https://help.syncfusion.com/js/api/ejchart#members:series-marker-datalabel-font-size) has been changed from 12px to 11px.


## CircularGauge

### Bug Fixes
{:#circulargauge-bug-fixes}


* \#159774 -  CircularGauge is now rendering properly, with image type [`Indicator`](https://help.syncfusion.com/js/api/ejcirculargauge#members:scales-indicators).


### Features
{:#circulargauge-features}
 
* Provided touch support for interactive features like tooltip, pointer drag and drop.
 
## DateTimePicker

### Bug Fixes
{:#datetimepicker-bug-fixes}

* \#161318 - Unable to set `WatermarkText` on control initialization - fixed.
* \#161900 - Now `MinDateTime` property applied properly to the control.
* \#158251 - DateTimePicker value now consistent with server side events.

## Diagram

### Features
{:#diagram-features}

* \#156278, \#159217 - Built-in support to activate the connection when mouse hover on the port is added.
* \#158548 - Support to get diagram id from client side events arguments has been implemented.
* \#160442 - Support to position the cursor for label editor has been implemented.
* \#154120 - Support to render the nodes and connector with sharp edges is added.
* Support to restrict the undo and redo actions to a certain limit is added.
* Multiplicity support for UML Connectors is added.
* Droppable support to BPMN Sub-Process is added.
* Expand and collapse icon support for node is added.

### Breaking changes
{:#diagram-breaking-changes}

* Events `nodeCollectionChange`, `connectorCollectionChange` and `selectionChange` will be triggered twice in the diagram, to represent different `state`.
    * It will be trigger before adding the node/connector/selection in the diagram which is cancelable.
    * it will trigger again after adding the node/connector/selection into the diagram which is not be cancelable.

* BPMN, UML related connector can now be created using `Connector.Shape` property. This property is generalized to support multiple shape and its type is changed to `object`. Please cast this property to access the desired shape `con.Shape as ConnectorShape`.    
{% highlight c# %}
    Connector con = new Connector
    {
        Shape = new ConnectorShape()
    };
    //casting the object to ConnectorShape
    var shape = con.Shape as ConnectorShape;
    shape.Flow = BPMNFlows.Association;
{% endhighlight %}

* `ConnectorShape.RelationShip` property is depreciated. Use `UMLConnectorShape.RelationShip` instead of that.
* `ConnectorShape.Multiplicity` property is depreciated. Use `UMLConnectorShape.UMLClassifierMultiplicity.Type` instead of that. 
## DocIO

### Features
{:#DocIO-features}

* \#158446 - Support to access and modify `AllowOverlap` for a Textbox has been added.
* \#160314 - Support to access `CommentStart` and `CommentEnd` range for a Comment has been added.
* \#134302, \#125959 - Added support to export Word document as an OpenDocument Text(ODT) format documents.

### Bug Fixes
{:#DocIO-bug-fixes}

* \#156461 - Symbol preservation issue has been fixed while resaving the particular RTF document.
* \#156461 - Table header row is now preserved properly while resaving the particular RTF document.
* \#158390 - Special characters is now preserved properly while resaving the RTF document.
* \#156461 - TOC alignment is now preserved properly while converting a particular RTF file to Word document.
* \#159078 - AutoHyphenation setting is now preserved properly while resaving the Word document as RTF file.
* \#159658 - Line break is now preserved properly while converting particular Word document to RTF.
* \#159668 - Paragraph style is now preserved properly while resaving a RTF document.
* \#158263 - TOC text contents are now preserved properly while resaving a particular Word document.
* \#160117 - NullReferenceException will no longer thrown while performing Mail merge using ExpandoObjects.
* \#160072 - EndGroup merge field preservation issue while using RemoveEmptyGroup has been resolved.
* \#159331 - Line spacing preservation issue has been fixed while resaving a particular Word document.
* \#157651 - ArithmeticException will no longer thrown while parsing DOC format Word document.
* \#159459 - Date format with invalid value is now preserved properly while performing Mail merge.
* \#159300 - ArgumentOutOfRangeException will no longer thrown while inserting a section break using `InsertSectionBreak` API.
* \#159295 - ArgumentOutOfRangeException will no longer thrown while opening a particular DOCX format document.
* \#161012 - Null reference exception will no longer thrown while opening a particular RTF file.
* \#159859 - Image background color is now preserved properly while resaving a particular Word document.
* \#160658 - Picture color is now preserved properly while resaving the Word document.
* \#161449, \#158728 - No longer hangs while opening a particular DOCX format document.
* \#162513 - Image overlapping issue has been fixed while resaving a particular Word document.
* \#158472 - Checkbox is now preserved properly while resaving a particular Word document.
* \#156622 - File corruption issue has been fixed after executing Mail merge process for a particular Word document.
* \#158650 - No longer hangs while updating document fields for a particular Word document.
* \#159712 - Image size is now preserved properly while resaving a particular RTF document.
* \#163074 - PageRef field result value is now properly updated while updating document fields for a particular Word document.
* \#163074 - NullReferenceException will no longer thrown while updating document fields for a particular document.
* \#158494 - Spacing and symbols are now preserved properly while resaving a particular RTF document.
* \#158494 - Paragraph missing issue has been fixed while resaving a particular RTF document.
* \#158494 - Normal style is now preserved properly while resaving a particular RTF document.
* \#162224 - NullReferenceException will no longer thrown while resaving a particular Word document.
* \#162163 -  Font name is now preserved properly while inserting a text using `BookmarkNavigator.InsertText` API.
* \#162204 - DocIO generated documents are now properly opened in Google docs.
* \#162224, \#157132 - NullReferenceException will no longer while opening a particular Word document.
* \#156859 - Image preservation issue has been resolved while converting a particular Word document as PDF.
* \#156827 - Tab stop based on compatibility option of 'ForgetLastTabAlign' is now properly preserved while converting a particular Word document as PDF.
* \#157199 - NullReferenceException will no longer thrown while converting a particular Word document as PDF.
* \#157199, \#159064 - IndexOutOfRangeException will no longer thrown while converting a particular Word document as PDF.
* \#157199 - Image position are now preserved properly while converting particular Word document as PDF.
* \#157194 - Textbox content preservation issue has been resolved while converting a particular Word document as PDF.
* \#157194 - Line shape is now preserved properly while converting a particular Word document as PDF.
* \#158757 - Table row background color preserved properly while converting a particular Word document as PDF.
* \#158757 - Tab stop is now preserved properly while converting a particular Word document as PDF.
* \#159373 - Paragraph horizontal alignment preservation issue has been resolved while converting a particular Word document as PDF.
* \#158995 - Table row is now preserved properly while converting a particular Word document as PDF.
* \#160085 - Multi column text preservation issue has been fixed in Word document to PDF conversion.
* \#160288 - Text formatting is now preserved properly while converting a particular Word document as PDF.
* \#159859 - Text position is now preserved properly while converting a particular Word document as PDF.
* \#160085 - Paragraph contextual spacing is now preserved properly while converting a particular Word document as PDF.
* \#156913 - Sinhalese text is now preserved properly while converting a particular Word document as PDF.
* \#159065 - Hyperlinks are now preserved properly while converting a particular Word document as PDF.
* \#161130 - Paragraph alignment is now preserved properly while converting Word document as PDF.
* \#160732 - Horizontal lines are now preserved properly while converting a particular Word document to PDF.
* \#159686 - Images are preserved properly while converting a particular Word document as PDF.
* \#159295 - Header image is now preserved properly while converting a particular Word document as PDF.
* \#161435 - Image overlapping issue has been fixed while converting a particular Word document to PDF.
* \#136131 - OutOfMemoryException will no longer thrown while converting a particular Word document as PDF.
* \#161197 - Table is now preserved properly while converting a particular Word document as PDF.
* \#156827 - Image cropping is now preserved properly while converting a particular DOC format document to PDF.
* \#159868, \#161156, \#160703 - Image missing issue has been fixed while converting a particular Word document as PDF.
* \#160467, \#162755 - Images are now preserved properly while converting a particular Word document as HTML.
## FileExplorer

### Features
{:#fileexplorer-features}

* \#161173 - The FileExplorer allows to access the shared folder which is connected via local area network.

* \#161660 - In FileExplorer, we have provided the API `AllowKeyboardNavigation` to enable/disable the Keyboard Navigation.

* \#140098, \#141095, \#153296, \#153869 - The FileExplorer allows files to be moved from one folder to another by using drag and drop. It also supports uploading a file by dragging it from Windows Explorer to a folder in the FileExplorer control.

* \#155542 - The FileExplorer allows thumbnail images to be compressed on the server side and loaded into the FileExplorer layout to improve performance when working with large size images.

* \#159186 - Provided the option to customize the ContextMenu items in FileExplorer control.

* \#159186 - Provided API `AllowSearchOnTyping` to perform the search action only on `Enter` key press. 

* We have provided the sort by option to sort the files and folders in the FileExplorer in Tile / Large Icons view .

### Breaking Changes
{:#fileexplorer-breaking-changes}

* In FileExplorer control, `Select` event is triggered while unselect any items in grid/tile view issue has been fixed and now we have provided `Unselect` event while unselect any items in grid/tile view.  
## Gantt

### Features
{:#gantt-features}

* \#135640, 137008,141041, 154323, 150261, 157435- Now the UI of add and edit dialogs in Gantt has been enhanced with tabbed view for displaying multiple fields, and also added ‘Notes’ tab to add task description.
* Gantt now supports rendering manually scheduled tasks and auto scheduled tasks in a project.
* \#150261, 157443  ,158462 – Now Gantt provides support to highlight the important and critical tasks in a project.
* Gantt now supports customizable working time ranges in a day for the tasks along the project. 
* Now Gantt provides support for work calculation for the tasks based on task type (fixed duration, fixed work, fixed resource units) and effort driven values.
* \#161981 - Now `actionBegin` event will also be triggered while adding a new row to Gantt.

### Bug fixes
{:#gantt-bug-fixes}

* \#160524- Header alignment issue in year schedule mode for ‘d/M/yyyy’ date format has been fixed.
* \#162073- Issue with tasks’ end date calculation in 8 hour working timescale has been fixed.
* \#162071- Issue with taskbar width calculation for date format with ‘HH’ has been fixed now.

### Breaking Changes
{:#gantt-breaking-changes}

* Now the editor type of the duration column has been changed from Numeric to string type, to support displaying duration units in the project such as days, hours and minutes. Hence duration column will be displayed along with duration unit, with days as default duration unit.
* Now the editor type for the duration and predecessor offset fields in the add and edit dialogs has been changed from Numeric to string type, to support displaying duration units in the project such as days, hours and minutes. 

## Grid

### Bug fixes
{:#grid-bug-fixes}

* \#162489 - `IQueryable` data can be bound to Grid.
* \#161916 - Now rows are not hidden while Grid width, is less than the `minWidth`.
* \#161757 - Script error is fixed when adding record in `ODataV4Adaptor` with primary key column hidden.
* \#161450 - Sort icon position is corrected when enabled RTL in both Grid and Tab.
* \#160759 - Now Excel filter does show the data in foreignKey column after adjust columns filtered.
* \#160497 - Summary row is now scrollable in responsive mode.
* \#158016 - Enable persistence is working fine, while binding the remote data and foreign key columns using `WebMethodAdaptor`.
* \#160863 - Now Grid renders properly in designer mode when we drag and drop the Grid control from the Visual Studio Toolbox. 
* \#158176,\#162729 - `ServerRecordDoubleClick` event not triggered when both `RecordDoubleClick` and `RecordClick` server events of the grid are defined.
* \#159512 - Added the command type parameter for `OnServerCommandButtonClick` event .
* \#159678 - Excel filter misbehaves while considering the number as `Boolean` type.
* \#160653 - Grid page information is not shown properly after post-back.

### Features
{:#grid-features}

* \#132804, \#134342, \#141043 - Provided multiple selection using check box support. 
* \#136473, \#136533 - Provided load on demand support for `SqlDataSource` binding.
* \#134543, \#137938, \#141896, \#144492, \#145975, \#157845, \#158073, \#159059, \#161819, \#162907 - Provided remote searching support for larger data in Excel filter choices.
* \#127320, \#135409,\#135720,\#136193, \#138406, \#138324, \#139793, \#146637, \#148848,\#150126,\#149668,\#153046,\#157390, \#157993,\#160392, \#161846 - Now, provided editing support in virtual scrolling.

### Breaking changes
{:#grid-breaking-changes}

* Grid height responsiveness will work if only the `ScrollSettings->Height` property is set to 100%.
* Default column resizing mode has been changed to `Normal` from `NextColumn`.
* While referring individual files, it is essential to include ej.tooltip.min.js file in project for rendering toolbar in Grid.
## HeatMap

### Features
{:#heatmap-features}

* Internet Explorer 8 browser support for the heat map control has been added.
* Responsive support for the heat map control has been provided.



## Kanban

### Features
{:#kanban-features}

* Multiple key binding support has been provided for Kanban columns to allow the transition of multiple status.
* Provided support for Drag and Drop the cards across swim lanes.
* Provided workflow support to a set of transitions that a card moves through during its process cycle for Kanban.
* Provided support to prevent dragging and dropping on particular column.

### Breaking Changes
{:#kanban-breaking-changes}

* `MenuItem` property removed from `ContextMenuSettings.MenuItems`.User can give [`MenuItems`](https://help.syncfusion.com/js/api/ejkanban#members:contextmenusettings-menuitems) as string of array.
* The property `ValidationRule` changed as `ValidationRules` inside of editSettings.
## Lineargauge
 
### Features
{:#lineargauge-features}
 
* Provided touch support for user interactions like tooltip, pointer drag and drop.



## Map
 
### Features
{:#map-features}
 
* Provided touch support for interactive features like tooltip, selection and highlight.



## MaskEdit

### Bug Fixes 
{:#maskedit-bug-fixes}

* \157912 - Now the jQuery validation will work when type the value in maskedit textbox. 

## Menu

### Bug Fixes
{:#menu-bug-fixes}

* \#161258 - Now we can disable/enable the submenus in "code-behind". 
## PDF

### Features
{:#pdf-features}

* \#157075 - Support has been added to draw content directly in content stream during HTML to PDF conversion using IE.
* \#157234 - Support for adding textbox fields with same name has been added for both the existing and new documents.
* \#158792 - Performance is now improved while merging PDF documents.
* \#106625, #145937 - Provided support for creating, editing and filling both static and dynamic XFA form in a PDF document.
* Added support for Code128 type of Barcodes.

### Bug Fixes
{:#pdf-bug-fixes} 

* \#161770 - Exception is no longer thrown while time stamping the PDF document.
* \#161606 - Application will never hang while generating PDF documents in multithreading environment.
* \#158316 - Alignment is now preserved properly while converting Excel to PDF.
* \#162060 - Exception is no longer thrown, while reading the form fields.
* \#161780 - Format exception is no longer thrown while converting XPS to PDF.
* \#161619 - Border width of checkbox field is now preserved properly.
* \#163097 - Border width of textbox field is now preserved properly.
* \#163551 - Web link will be enabled properly when adding `PdfTextWebLink` to `PdfLoadedDocument`.
* \#161994 - Exception is no longer thrown while flattening the form field.
* \#161102 - Shapes are no longer missed while converting EMF to PDF.
* \#160094 - Images are rendered properly while drawing in PDF document.
* \#160057 - NullReferenceException is no longer thrown while merging the PDF document.
* \#159398 - NullReferenceException is no longer thrown while getting the index from page.   
* \#159067 - Fatal error is no longer thrown while loading the PDF document.
* \#159859 - Bold texts are now preserved properly while converting EMF to PDF.
* \#156890 - Image data is now cleared properly, while disposing the `PdfImage`.
* \#156607 - Images are now preserved properly when converting EMF to PDF.
* \#156700 - Polish text is now preserved properly while converting Word to PDF.
* Annotations are now removed properly while using remove method in `PdfLoadedAnnotationCollection`.
* Text is now preserved properly while converting EMF to PDF.
* Text is now retrieved properly from `PdfLoadedTextBoxField`.
* Currency symbol is now retrieved properly from `PdfLoadedTextBoxField`. 
* Popup annotation position has been preserved properly.

## PDF Viewer

### Features 
{:#pdfviewer-features}

* \#155070, \#149793, \#158252- Support is added to download the PDF document displayed in ejPdfViewer control. 
* \#159474 - Support for the text selection has been included in ejPdfViewer control.
* \#158735, \#159474, \#163084 - Provided the text search support in ejPdfViewer control.

### Bug Fixes
{:#sfpdfviewercontrol-bug-fixes}

* \#162316 - PDF document contents are rendered properly in ejPdfViewer control.
* \#159248 - Text contents are rendered properly in ejPdfViewer control.
* \#160434 - Word to PDF converted PDF documents are displayed properly in ejPdfViewer control. 
## PivotChart

### Breaking changes
{:#pivotchart-breaking-changes}

* Assembly name `Syncfusion.EJ.Olap` has been changed to `Syncfusion.EJ.Pivot`.

## PivotClient

### Breaking changes
{:#pivotclient-breaking-changes}

* Assembly name has been changed from `Syncfusion.EJ.Olap` to `Syncfusion.EJ.Pivot`.
* Control name has been changed from `OlapClient` to `PivotClient`.
* Class name has been changed from `OlapClient` to `PivotClient`.
* Namespace has been changed from `Syncfusion.JavaScript.Olap.OlapClient` to `Syncfusion.JavaScript.PivotClient`.

### Features
{:#pivotclient-features}

* \#154690, #156434, #156027, #157694 - Provided support for OLAP data source at client mode.
* \#161208 - Paging in member editor for OLAP data source. 
* \#162047 - Exporting operation has been optimized to obtain improved performance. 
* Label and value filtering for OLAP data source has been implemented like in Microsoft Excel.
* Paging and virtual scrolling support for OLAP data source.
* Provided support for relational data sources both at server mode and client mode.

## PivotGauge

### Breaking changes
{:#pivotgauge-breaking-changes}

* Assembly name `Syncfusion.EJ.Olap` has been changed to `Syncfusion.EJ.Pivot`.

## PivotGrid

### Breaking changes
{:#pivotgrid-breaking-changes}

* Assembly name `Syncfusion.EJ.Olap` has been changed to `Syncfusion.EJ.Pivot`.

### Features
{:#pivotgrid-features}

* \#155849 - Implemented paging support for OLAP data source in Client Mode.
* \#159241 - Cell editing support for relational data source in both Server and Client Mode has been done. 
* \#159371 - Excel-like layout support has been implemented for both OLAP and relational data sources.  
* \#158253 - Show/hide sub-totals and grand-totals for both OLAP and relational data sources has been done. 
* \#142404, #143465, #146184 - Dynamic column re-sizing support has been provided.
* \#117474, #135837, #156363 - Frozen header support has been provided.
* \#151332 - Support to save and load the PivotReports in PivotGrid at Client Mode has been done. 
* \#158253 - Exporting with conditional formatting applied has been done.
* Support to set the number format directly inside the data source has been done.
* Calculated field implementation has been done for relational data source at Server Mode.
* Implemented drill-through support for OLAP data source in Server Mode.
  

## PivotTreeMap `Preview`

The PivotTreeMap control lets the user to visualize OLAP data in the form of nested nodes in hierarchical order with the ability to drill up and down.

### Breaking changes
{:#pivottreemap-breaking-changes}

* Assembly name `Syncfusion.EJ.Olap` has been changed to `Syncfusion.EJ.Pivot`.

## Predictive Analytics

### Features
{:#predictive-analytics-features}

* \#160092 - Added support for K-Nearest Neighbors model.

## Presentation

### Features
{:#presentation-features}
* \#159550 - Support for marking PowerPoint presentations as final, making it non-editable, was now added.
* \#137837, \#159731, \#160172, \#160129 - Support was now added to include and remove the OLE Objects in PowerPoint presentation
* \#158245 - Support was added to modify the slide layouts in PowerPoint presentation

### Breaking Changes
{:#presentation-breaking-changes}

* The property `Masters` was now added into `IPresentation` interface
* The property `Final` was now added into `IPresentation` interface
* The property `LayoutSlides` was now added into `IMasterSlide` interface
* The method `Add` was now added in `ILayoutSlides` interface
* The method `Add` was now added in `ISlides` interface
* The method `AddOleObject` was now added in `IShapes` interface 

### Bug Fixes
{:#presentation-bug-fixes}
* \#159312 - PowerPoint presentations will be no longer corrupted while resaving
* \#159550 - The video files will be now preserved while resaving the PowerPoint presentations
* \#159309 - PowerPoint presentations will be no longer corrupted while cloning the slides containing comments
* \#157762, \#160677 - The existing paragraph font size is now retrieved properly while loading the PowerPoint presentations
* \#157742 - The font size for the contents within table is now retrieved properly while loading the PowerPoint presentations 
* \#160677 - The "FontName" of the paragraph is now retrieved properly while loading the PowerPoint presentations
* \#160677 - The "HorizontalAlignment" value of the shapes are now retrieved properly while loading the PowerPoint presentations
* \#160677 - The "VerticalAlignment" value of the shapes are now retrieved properly while loading the PowerPoint presentations
* \#157132 - The "Null Reference Exception" will no longer be thrown while parsing PowerPoint slides containing charts
* \#162341 - Null reference exception will be no longer thrown while merging a cloned slide to another presentation
* \#161913 - The SmartArt diagrams will be now preserved properly while cloning a PowerPoint slide
* \#160507 - Text positions are now preserved properly while performing Presentation to PDF conversion
* \#159565 - Chinese content is now preserved properly while performing Presentation to PDF conversion
* \#157742 - The page numbers are now preserved properly while performing Presentation to PDF conversion

## RangeNavigator
 
### Features
{:#rangenavigator-features}
 
* Provided touch support for interactive features like selection, tooltip and slider.



## ReportViewer

### Features
{:#reportviewer-features}

* \#146053 - Provided the Chart Grouping support in ejReportViewer.

### Bug Fixes
{:#reportviewer-bug-fixes}

* \#159261 - Issue with fill color value in chart has been fixed.
* \#161855 - Now the column header text appearing inside of table for nested tablix.
* \#161777 - Issue with Chart axis range interval has been resolved.
* \#146053 - Now rectangle report item has been increased properly when placed Tablix with column grouping.
* \#146053 - Now the chart data labels are displayed in center position.
* \#146053 - Now the chart data labels are rendered properly for custom format.
* \#146053 - Now the Tablix is rendered properly, if the Datasource count is zero.
* \#159261 - Issue with custom code modules has been fixed to access the Report Parameters.
* \#146053 - Issue with Date serial has been fixed when use the zero day value.
* \#155879 - Now the Report Header and Footer size is updated properly based on Tablix grouping.
* \#159261 - Now Parameter labels are rendered properly when the user defined values are provided in dataset.
* \#159456 - Now the `code modules` will load properly for VB functions.
* \#159456 - Now the `custom assembly` will import properly in `code modules`.

## Ribbon

### Features
{:#ribbon-features}

* Adaptive support has been provided to Ribbon to adjust its size according to the screen size on which it renders.


## RichTextEditor

### Features 
{:#richtexteditor-features}

* The RTE provides `XHTML validation` from server side to validate the given HTML that ensure with the XHTML standard. It helps to export the RTE content into Word or a PDF file with proper formatted content.

* The RTE provides `Custom execute command` that execute selection, range and cursor based commands for all the browser. Since the default execute command behaves inconsistencies across browsers.
## Schedule

### Features
{:#schedule-features}

* \#156158 - Scheduler is now provided with an option to show/hide the timezone fields in an appointment window using the API `ShowTimeZoneFields`. It also provides another API namely, `ApplyTimeOffset` to include or exclude the time offset calculation on appointments based on the timezones.

* \#150560 - PDF Export feature in Scheduler has been enhanced with additional options to export it along with the custom dates, blockout settings features and also allowing it to show/hide the header bar, all-day row and time scale options.

* A new method namely `notifyChanges` has been introduced to handle the Scheduler CRUD operations while using SignalR concept.



## Sparkline
 
### Features
{:#sparkline-features}
 
* Provided touch support for interactive feature like tooltip.



## Spreadsheet

### Features
{:#spreadsheet-features}

* Provided support for read-only mode.
* Provided support for context menu customization.
* Improved the initial rendering performance.

### Bug Fixes
{:#spreadsheet-bug-fixes}

* \#159142 - Issue with rows property is not able to use in code behind is fixed.
* \#159184 - Provided support to bind datasource using DataSourceID.
* \#159142 - Provided cell data binding support for conditional formatting, lock cells, borders, merge cell, hide rows and columns in code behind.
* \#162866,163093 - Improved the selection border width.
* \#161196 - Changed the default value of showHeader to "true".

### Breaking Changes
{:#spreadsheet-breaking-changes}

* \#158674 - Issue with Styles class conflict the namespace between Syncfusion.JavaScript.Models and System.Web.Optimization is fixed. 
* \#162866,163093 - Improved the selection border width.
* \#161196 - Changed the default value of showHeader to "true".
## TreeGrid

### Features 
{:#treegrid-features}

* \#156028-TreeGrid now provides support for checkbox row selection.

### Bug fixes
{:#treegrid-bug-fixes}

* \#160976- Now the console error in Internet Explorer 11 browser while focusing the hidden TreeGrid element will no longer be thrown.
* \#161106- Now the console error while adding a record from toolbar in self-referential data source will no longer be thrown.

### Breaking Changes
{:#treegrid-breaking-changes}
* The property `selectionMode` has been deprecated, instead use `selectionSettings.selectionMode`. 
* The property `selectionType` has been deprecated, instead use `selectionSettings.selectionType`.
* The excel export method `Export(TreeGridProperties, IEnumerable, string, ExcelVersion, TreeGridExportSettings, string)` has been deprecated, instead use `Export(TreeGridProperties,IEnumerable ,String,ExcelVersion ,TreeGridExportSettings)`


## Treemap
 
### Features
{:#treemap-features}
 
* Provided touch support for interactive features like tooltip and selection.



## TreeView

### Features
{:#treeview-features}

* Provided option in `CollapseAll`/`ExpandAll` method to expand /collapse nodes up to specific level.

* \#156288 - Provided multiple node selection support in TreeView control.

* \#133614, \#158321 - Provided option to drag multiple nodes in TreeView control.

* \#160961 - Provided option to get the child nodes of the specific node.

## Uploadbox

### Bug Fixes
{:#uploadbox-bug-fixes}

* \#162791- Provided wrapper support for `beforeSend` event in Uploadbox.

## WaitingPopup

### Features
{:#waitingpopup-features}

* Provided support for WaitingPopup element `append to` the given container element. 
## XlsIO

### Features
{:#xlsio-features}

* Support for Excel 2016 charts is provided.
* Support for Excel to ODS export is provided.
* Support for adding and modifying hyperlink to shapes is provided.

### Breaking changes
{:#xlsio-breaking-changes}

* The properties `IsBinningByCategory`, `HasAutomaticBins`, `NumberOfBins`, `BinWidth`, `UnderflowBinValue`, `OverflowBinValue` are now added in `IChartCategoryAxis` interface.
* The property `SetAsTotal` is now added in `IChartDataPoint` interface.
* The property `ParetoLineFormat` is now added in `IChartSerie` interface.
* The properties `TreeMapLabelOption`, `ShowConnectorLines`,`ShowMeanLine`, `ShowMeanMarkers`, `ShowInnerPoints`, `ShowOutlierPoints`, `QuartileCalculationType` are now added in `IChartSerieDataFormat` interface.
* The properties `Shape` and `AttachedType` are now added in `IHyperLink` interface.
* The method `Add` is now added in `IHyperLinks` interface.

### Bug fixes
{:#xlsio-bug-fixes}

* \#F125604, \#162915 - Null reference exception is no longer thrown while opening an Excel file containing rich-text.
* \#154153 - Issues with custom gradients are fixed.
* \#155434 - Argument out of range exception is no longer thrown while importing data table with DDE link formula.
* \#157638 - Issue with missing of sorted values in the created document is fixed.
* \#158543 - Formatting issue in copied worksheet when using `Workbook.AddCopy` in XLS format is fixed.
* \#159946 - Issue with borders in Excel to PDF conversion is fixed.
* \#160686 - Unexpected token exception is no longer thrown while accessing cell with formula.
* \#160819 - Issue with Base64 image saving is fixed in HTML conversion.
* \#160819 - Issue with contents visibility in HTML conversion is fixed.
* \#160845 - Issue with starting point of line series is fixed in chart to image conversion.
* \#160845 - Dashed lines are preserved in chart to image conversion.
* \#160845 - Issue with marker color is fixed in chart to image conversion.
* \#160845 - Issue with chart series gap width is fixed in chart to image conversion.
* \#160845 - Issue with chart series color is fixed in chart to image conversion.
* \#160845 - Issue with line series position is fixed in chart to image conversion.
* \#161243 - Image outside the used range is not drawn on Excel to PDF conversion is fixed.
* \#161590 - Memory consumption issue in Excel To PDF is fixed.
* \#161932 - Argument out of range exception raised while opening Excel document with conditional number formats is fixed.
* \#162065 - CSV file is preserved proper in Dutch culture.
* \#162324 - XML exception raised while parsing AutoFilters is resolved.
* \#162324 - XML exception raised while parsing image information of a chart is fixed.
* \#162419 - Issue with row and column values of selection range is fixed.
* \#162449 - Issue with chart series data labels in chart to image conversion is fixed.
* \#162601 - Issue with copying `DataValidation` is fixed.
* \#162844 - Index out of range exception thrown while setting empty value to range of cells is resolved.
* \#163029 - Argument exception is no longer thrown while inserting a row.
* \#163051 - Issue with merged cells in Excel to PDF conversion is fixed.
* \#163119 - Duplicate replacement issue when value to be replaced is enclosed in square bracket using `Replace` method is fixed.
* \#163450 - Unknown exception thrown while auto fitting rows for multiple worksheets is resolved.
* \#163544 - `DateTimeModified` field is empty on compression is fixed.

