---
title       : Essential Studio for ASP.NET 2016 Vol 2 (Service Pack 1)Release Notes
description : Essential Studio for ASP.NET 2016 Vol 2 (Service Pack 1)Release Notes
platform    : aspnet
---

# Essential Studio for ASP.NET Release Notes

{% include release-info.html date="July 29, 2016" version="v14.2.0.28" %} 





## Autocomplete

### Bug Fixes
{:#autocomplete-bug-fixes}

* \#159804 - Issue with clearing the SelectValueByKey and Value property from code behind have been fixed.
## Chart

### Bug Fixes
{:#chart-bug-fixes}

* \#160593 - Stacking area chart is now rendering properly, when having null value.
* \#160143, \#161014, \#161078  - 3D chart is now rotating properly, when the web page is having more than one chart.
* \#156777 - Unwanted scrollbar in the window is now removed, on zooming the chart.
* \#159173 - Tooltip for chart is now working properly, when placing the chart in Dialog control.
* \#158340, \#159294  - Chart is now rendering properly, when binding small set of data to the series, after a large set.
## CircularGauge

### Bug Fixes
{:#circulargauge-bug-fixes}

* \#159774 -  Added image type enum for `indicator` in CircularGauge.
 
## DateTimePicker

### Bug Fixes
{:#datetimepicker-bug-fixes}

* \#158251 - DateTimePicker value now consistent with server side events.

## Diagram

### Features
{:#diagram-features}

* \#156278, \#159217 - Built-in support to activate the connection when mouse hover on the port is added.
## DocIO

### Features
{:#docio-features}

* \#158446 - Support to access and modify `AllowOverlap` for a Textbox has been added

### Bug fixes
{:#docio-bug-fixes}

* \#156859 - Image preservation issue has been resolved while converting a particular Word document as PDF
* \#156827 - Tab stop based on compatibility option of “ForgetLastTabAlign” is now properly preserved in Word to PDF conversion
* \#157199 - NullReferenceException is no longer thrown while converting a particular Word document as PDF
* \#157194 - Textbox content preservation issue has been resolved while converting a particular Word document as PDF
* \#158757 - Table row background color preserved properly while converting a particular Word document as PDF
* \#158757 - Tab stop is now preserved properly while converting a particular Word document as PDF
* \#159373 – Paragraph horizontal alignment preservation issue has been resolved while converting a particular Word document as PDF
* \#158995 - Table row is now preserved properly while converting a particular Word document as PDF
* \#160085 - Multi column text preservation issue has been fixed in Word document to PDF conversion
* \#160288 - Text formatting is now preserved properly while converting a particular Word document as PDF
* \#156461 - Symbol preservation issue has been fixed while resaving the particular RTF document
* \#156461 - Table header row is now preserved properly while resaving the particular RTF document
* \#156461 – Document contents preservation issue has been fixed while resaving a particular RTF document
* \#158390 - Special characters is now preserved properly while resaving the RTF document
* \#156461 - TOC alignment is now preserved properly in RTF to Word conversion
* \#156461 - Image preservation issue has been resolved in RTF to Word conversion
* \#159078 - AutoHyphenation setting is now preserved properly while resaving the Word document as RTF file
* \#159658 - Line break is now preserved properly in Word to RTF conversion
* \#159668 - Paragraph style is now preserved properly while resaving the RTF document
* \#158263 – TOC text contents are now preserved properly while resaving the particular Word document
* \#160117 – NullReferenceException will no longer thrown while performing Mail merge using ExpandoObjects.
* \#160072 - EndGroup merge field preservation issue while using RemoveEmptyGroup has been resolved
* \#159331 - Line spacing preservation issue while resaving a particular Word document
* \#157651 – ArithmeticException will no longer thrown while parsing DOC format Word document
* \#159459 – Date format with invalid value is now preserved properly while performing Mail merge
* \#159300 – ArgumentOutOfRangeException will no longer thrown while inserting a section break using `InsertSectionBreak` API
* \#159295 - ArgumentOutOfRangeException will no longer thrown while opening the DOCX format document
## Gantt

### Bug fixes
{:#gantt-bug-fixes}

* \# 160524- Header alignment issue in year schedule mode for 'd/M/yyyy' date format has been fixed.


## Grid

### Bug Fixes
{:#grid-bug-fixes}

*  \#158016 - Enable persistence is working fine, while binding the remote data and foreign key columns using `WebMethodAdaptor`.
*  \#160863 - Now Grid renders properly in designer mode when we drag and drop the Grid control from the Visual Studio Toolbox. 
## MaskEdit

### Bug Fixes
{:#maskedit-bug-fixes}

* \#157912 - MaskEdit validation now works properly.

## PDF

### Features
{:#pdf-features}

* \#157075 - Support has been added to draw content directly in content stream during HTML to PDF conversion using IE.
* \#157234 - Support for adding textbox fields with same name has been added for both the existing and new documents.

### Bug Fixes
{:#pdf-bug-fixes} 

* \#156890 - Image data is now cleared properly, while disposing the `PdfImage`.
* \#156607 - Images are now preserved when converting EMF to PDF.
* \#156700 - Polish text is now preserved properly while converting Word to PDF.
* Annotations are now removed properly while using remove method in `PdfLoadedAnnotationCollection`.
* Text is now preserved properly while converting EMF to PDF.
* Form fields are now preserved properly when converting HTML forms to PDF forms.
## PivotGrid

### Bug fixes
{:#pivotgrid-bug-fixes}

* \#160205 - Event while performing cell editing has been provided.
## Presentation

### Bug Fixes
{:#presentation-bug-fixes}
* \#156159 - The video files will be now preserved while resaving the PowerPoint presentations
## Spreadsheet

### Bug Fixes
{:#ejspreadsheet-bug-fixes}

* \#158674 - Issue with Styles class conflict the namespace between Syncfusion.JavaScript.Models and System.Web.Optimization is fixed.
* \#159142 - Issue with Rows property is not able to use in code behind is fixed.
* \#159184 - Provided Support to bind datasource using DataSourceID.
## TreeGrid

### Bug fixes
{:#treegrid-bug-fixes}

* \# 160976- Now the console error in IE11 browser while focusing the hidden TreeGrid element will no longer be thrown.
* \# 161106- Now the console error while adding a record from toolbar in self-referential datasource will no longer be thrown.

## XlsIO

### Features
{:#xlsio-features}

* Support is provided for importing data from DataReader.

### Bug fixes
{:#xlsio-bug-fixes}

* \#157570 - File is no longer corrupted while resaving an Excel file with shapes in ASP.NET Core.
* \#158113 - ArgumentOutOfRangeException is no longer thrown while opening an Excel file with duplicate named ranges.
* \#157446 - Application hang and output file corruption issues with specific Excel file are fixed.
* \#155864 - File with data validation is no longer corrupted when used with `ParseWorksheetOnDemand`.
* \#156801 - Issues with conditional formula in Excel to HTML conversion are fixed.
* \#157693 - AccessViolationException is no longer thrown while working in parallel threads.
* \#157982 - ArgumentOutOfRangeException is no longer thrown while opening specific Excel file with custom XML parts.
* \#157639 - Memory leak issue while creating multiple larger charts is fixed.
* \#157449 - Named range is now updated properly after moving cells.
* \#155784 - Default axis title is no longer preserved when the axis title is empty.
* \#157818 - IFERROR() function is recognized properly while resaving binary files.
* \#157724 - Issues with export of images during Excel to HTML conversion are fixed.
* \#157895 - Images are positioned properly in converting Excel document to HTML.
* \#157895 - Multiple Images at same cell are exported properly during HTML conversion.
* \#154153 - Issues with custom gradient fills are fixed.
* \#158387 - ArgumentOutOfRangeException is thrown while parsing cell styles is fixed.
* \#159336 - Row height is not proper while changing font size is fixed.
* \#158373 - ArgumentOutOfRangeException is no longer thrown while parsing error text greater than 225 characters.
* \#159237 - ArgumentException is no longer thrown while inserting rows within subtotal range.
* \#158784 - File is no longer corrupted when a table column has line break.
* \#159525 - Workbook with custom properties (XML parts) can be opened without any exceptions.
* \#159880 - Issues with embedded chart in worksheet to image conversion are fixed.
* \#159336 - Performance is improved while changing font size.
* \#156801 - ArgumentException is no longer thrown while converting workbook to HTML with multiple conditional formats applied on single cell.
* \#159075 - Issue with thousands separator while importing currency value to data table in Slovak culture is fixed.
* \#159978 - NullReferenceException is no longer thrown while converting Excel file with conditional formats to image.
* \#158781 - Parse Exception is no longer thrown while copying workbook with named range to another workbook.
* \#159385 - Issues with chart floor and legend border in chart to image conversion are fixed.
* \#158692 - Exception is no longer thrown while inserting row above hyperlink.
* \#159287 - Issue with pivot table row count value is fixed.
* \#159495 - ArgumentOutOfRangeException is no longer thrown while serializing DataValidation formula.
* \#156920, 159575 - XmlException is no longer thrown while opening Excel workbook.
* \#154153 - Custom gradient colors are parsed and serialized.
* \#156849 - GDI+ error while running multiple threads to save picture as stream is fixed.
* \#159681 - OLE Object is not properly loaded in Spreadsheet viewer is fixed.
* \#157446 - Performance is improved in Excel to PDF conversion with merged cells.
* \#159705 - Vertical alignment is preserved in Excel to PDF conversion.
* \#159705 - Chinese text is now preserved in Excel to PDF conversion.
* Conditional formatting is updated properly for intersecting ranges.
* Importing Excel binary file with filtering no longer increases combo boxes count.
* Exceptions with calculated values are resolved.
* Issues with `Value` or `Value2` containing Excel functions supported from Microsoft Excel 2010 are fixed.
* Replace functionality is restricted for protected sheet.
* Issue with colors of conditional format in Excel to HTML conversion is fixed.
* Copying sparklines to a range will no more hangs the process.
* TODAY() function returns proper date value in `DisplayText`.

