---
title: Essential Studio for ASP.NET  2016 Volume 2   Release Notes  
description: Essential Studio for ASP.NET  2016 Volume 2   Release Notes  
platform: aspnet
documentation: ug
---

# Essential Studio for ASP.NET  Release Notes  

{% include release-info.html date="June 24, 2016"  version="v14.2.0.26" %} 






## Autocomplete

### Bug Fixes
{:#autocomplete-bug-fixes}

* \#153926 -  Autocomplete SelectValueByKey is not maintained for data with "," issue fixed.
## Chart

### Bug Fixes
{:#chart-bug-fixes}

* \#154917 - Trendline is now working properly for unsorted x values.
* \#154857 - Now the spline chart will get exported in excel.
* \#154144 - Data label is now clipped when it exceeds the chart area after zooming.
* \#153987 - Spline series is now working when the data is in string and the axis `ValueType` is in double.
* \#153723 - Exception on hovering lengthy legend text is fixed.
* \#157383 - Exception on rendering trendline with `ValueType` as datetime is fixed.
* \#157377, \#157999 - Stacked Area chart is now rendering properly when point value is zero.
* \#156860 - Now the last label in axis is rendering properly, when the chart size is small.
* \#156777 - Unnecessary browser window scrolling issue is fixed.
* \#156370 - Tooltip `Format` is now working properly in IE, when the point has zero in y values.
* \#156427 - Now the X-Axis labels are placed to the middle of the ticklines, when the range of the axis falls in decimal.
* \#156138 - Zooming is now working properly in canvas mode.
* \#155896 - Axis label is now rendering properly after zooming, when `RoundingPlaces` is set to the axis.
* \#155425 - Exception on binding `DataSource` to the technical indicators is fixed.





### Features
{:#chart-features}

* \#153717 - Provided support to trim the chart title. 
* \#156772 - Provided support for range scrollbar with lazy loading feature.    
* \#153800 - Provided support for cylindrical column. 
* Provided exponential format support in tooltip and data label.

## Checkbox

### Bug Fixes
{:#checkbox-bug-fixes}

* \#156253 – `CheckState` value is now properly maintained in post back.

## CircularGauge

### Bug Fixes
{:#circulargauge-bug-fixes}

* \#154623 -  Issue in setting the value for circular gauge properties from code behind is fixed.
* \#157550 -  Animation is now working in android chrome browser of version 4.4+.
 
## DatePicker

### Features
{:#datepicker-features}

* \#153678 - A collection of dates can be disabled on the calendar popup.
* \#153739 - Now DatePicker control can parse ISO 8601 date format as an input value.

### Bug Fixes
{:#datepicker-bug-fixes}

* \#156405 - Selected value can be accessible from code behind `Page_Load` function in DatePicker control.
## DateTimePicker

### Features
{:#datetimepicker-features}

* Now DateTimePicker control allows watermark text.

### Bug Fixes
{:#datetimepicker-bug-fixes}

* \#156558 - DateTimePicker is now rendered properly when referring lower version jQuery in ASP.NET.
* \#158251 - Now server side `Change` event triggered properly in ASP.NET.

## Diagram

### Features
{:#diagram-features}

* \#153560 Built-in support for the missing BPMN shapes is provided
* \#131535, \#156702 Support to prevent undo/redo functionality for specific scenario is added
* \#149988, \#150363, \#153020 Organizational chart now supports to arrange the leaf nodes in multiple rows to balance the width and height of the tree
* Built-in support for class diagram shapes is provided
* Support to stretch/align the image or SVG content is provided
* Support to change the opacity of the labels is added
* \#150933 - Image support for user handles has been implemented.
* \#135396, \#I145983, \#150173 - Support to customize the selector style of the diagram is added.
* \#136564 - Support to create/read/update/delete records to the data source at runtime is provided. 

### Bug fixes
{:#diagram-bug-fixes}

* \#156863 - Issue in while setting the label's `RotateAngle` in the designer page has been fixed.

### Breaking changes
{:#diagram-breaking-changes}

* Usually Image and Native nodes are stretched to fit the size of the node. The behavior is changed so that the nodes will be stretched without losing the aspect ratio. To enable the existing behavior, Set "ScaleConstraints.Stretch" to the Scale property of Image and Native node.
* Usually the first segment length of the orthogonal connector will be static. The behavior is changed so that the segment length will be a half of the connector length. To enable existing behavior, Set the desired length to the Length property of segment.
* BPMNTriggers.parallel is removed. Instead, Use BPMNTriggers.Parallel.
* BPMNLoops.parallelMultiInstance is removed. Instead, Use BPMNLoops.ParallelMultiInstance.
* BPMNTasks.parallel is removed. Instead, Use BPMNTasks.Parallel.
* BPMNGateways.parallel is removed. Instead, Use BPMNGateways.Parallel.
* BPMNFlows.message is removed. Instead, Use BPMNFlows.Message.
## DocIO

### Features
{:#docio-features}

* \#147526 – Added Read and Write support for WordprocessingML documents.
* \#147886 – Added picture border preservation support in Word to PDF conversion.

### Bug fixes
{:#docio-bug-fixes}

* \#151174 - Relative position properties are now preserved properly while opening and saving the Word DOCX format document.
* \#155024 - ArgumentOutOfRangeException is no longer thrown while saving the Word document with charts.
* \#154762 - Text box internal margins are now preserved properly while saving the Word DOCX format document.
* \#154762 - Cell width for the table containing misaligned cells are now preserved properly in Word to HTML conversion.
* \#154762 - Line breaks are now preserved properly during Word to HTML conversion.
* \#153445 - Check box size and size type is now properly preserved during Word to HTML conversion and vice versa.
* \#151329 - Line spacing is now preserved properly for paragraphs in HTML to Word conversion.
* \#153445, * \#151329 - Paragraph properties such as contextual spacing, keep lines together, keep with next, auto spacing before and after are now preserved properly during Word to HTML conversion and vice versa.
* \#154912 - ArgumentOutOfRangeException is no longer thrown while converting the Word document containing table without any rows and cells to PDF.
* \#152711 - Table is now positioned properly while converting a particular Word document to PDF.
* \#151613 - Vertical alignment for the table cell is now preserved properly while converting a particular Word document to PDF.
* \#153645, * \#152872 - Tab width is now preserved properly when the paragraph has the horizontal alignment other than left while converting the Word document to PDF.
* \#154514, * \#155079 - NullReferenceException is no longer thrown while converting a particular Word document to PDF.
* \#152802 - Table is now wrapped around a floating item properly while converting the Word document to PDF.
* \#154195 - Absolute table with row height greater than page height is now preserved properly while converting the Word document to PDF.
* \#154455 - Text followed by Symbol field is now preserved properly while converting the Word document to PDF.
* \#149223 - Word documents with huge content are now converted to PDF without delays in a reasonable time.
* \#152802 - Table containing vertical merged cell with text direction as vertical are now preserved properly while converting the Word document to PDF.
* \#153645 - Cell width for the table that does not have preferred width is now preserved properly while converting a particular Word document to PDF.
* \#151613 - Now word wraps to new line properly based on non-breaking space while converting a particular Word document to PDF.
* \#151613 - Floating table is now preserved properly while converting the Word document with compatibility option - “don’t break wrapped tables across pages” to PDF.
* \#154702 - IndexOutOfRangeException is no longer thrown while executing Mail merge using DocIO.
* \#154730, * \#154864 - Null reference exception is no longer thrown while retrieving bookmark content.
* \#154514 - Paragraph position preservation issue has been fixed while converting Word to PDF conversion.
* \#156444 - OLE object is now properly preserved while opening a particular DOCX format document.
* \#152738 - List left indent is now properly preserved in Word to PDF Conversion
* \#155252 - Checkbox size is now properly preserved in Word to PDF conversion
* \#155252 - Checkbox size is now properly preserved in Word to HTML conversion.
* \#154796 – IF field are now updated properly in footer contents during Word to PDF conversion.
* \#155355 - Vertical text inside the table cell is now preserved properly in Word to PDF conversion.
* \#153645 - The table cell width will be preserved properly in Word to PDF conversion.
* \#154826 - Charts will be preserved properly in Word to PDF conversion 
* \#152738 – Text contents are now preserved properly while resaving a particular DOCX format document
* \#155556 - Paragraph borders are now properly preserved in Word to PDF conversion.
* \#156982 - Page orientation now preserved properly while modifying and resaving the Word document.
* \#155907 - Table cell borders are now preserved properly during Word to PDF conversion.
* \#155820 - Consecutive text with same format are now properly preserved as single span element in Word to HTML conversion
* \#153104 - Text range and Shape overlapping issue is now resolved when the Shape has the text wrapping type as Behind while converting Word to PDF conversion
* \#153104 - Section break issue has been resolved in Word to PDF conversion
* \#153104 - Section break issue has been resolved in DOCX conversion
* \#155793 – InvalidArgumentException is no longer thrown while converting Word document as PDF using DocIO.
* \#156982 - Extra page preservation issue in Word to PDF conversion has been fixed.
* \#157676 - Spaces are now preserved properly in HTML to Word conversion.
* \#156622 - File corruption issue after resaving the Word document as Doc format is resolved
* \#156372 - TOC paragraph’s formatting is now preserved properly.
* \#151329 - List left indent is now preserved properly in Word to HTML and HTML to Word conversion.
* \#157924 - Field code is now retrieved properly while accessing `WField.FieldCode` property.
* \#154826 - Textboxes contents will be preserved properly in Word to PDF conversion.
* \#154988 - The words count in the document will be updated properly
* \#153104 - Paragraph Spacing will be preserved properly in Word to PDF conversion.
* \#155072 - NullReferenceException is no longer thrown when converting the Word document with OleObject to PDF document.
* \#151476 – Images are now preserved properly while converting a particular Word document to PDF conversion.
* \#154681 – Chart title text is now preserved properly without formatting loss while modifying and resaving the Word document.
* \#155355 – Chart data labels and legends are now preserved properly while converting a particular Word document to PDF conversion.
* \#155355 – Table cell contents are now preserved properly while converting a particular Word document to PDF conversion.
* \#156461 – IndexOutOfRangeException is no longer thrown while resaving the RTF document.
* \#156531 – ArgumentOutOfRangeException is no longer thrown in Word to PDF conversion
* \#156620 – Text color is now preserved properly based on background color when text color is auto during Word to PDF conversion.
* \#156651 – Title field is now preserved properly while updating document fields.
* \#156713 – Symbols are now preserved properly while resaving a particular DOCX format document.
* \#157702 – DocIO toolbox icon is now shown properly in Visual Studio toolbox filter.
* \#158331 – `WCharacterFormat.ClearFormatting()` is now clears the formatting properly.
* \#158521 - File corruption issue while opening the generated DOCX document in Word 2007 application.

## DropDownList

### Bug Fixes
{:#dropdownlist-bug-fixes}

* \#155523 - Provided the support for `Locale` property in all three platforms to update the text "No suggestions" respect to culture in DropDownList while using 'enableFilterSearch' property.
* \#156333 - CheckAll method returns text value when all items are checked in the DropDownList.
* \#154624 - Unable to clear the items that are selected in code behind in DropDownList issue has been fixed.

## Kanban(Preview)

### Features
{:#kanban-features}

* The ASP.NET Kanban control provides an efficient way to visualize the workflow of tasks at each stage along its path to completion. This gives teams more flexible planning options, clear focus, and transparency throughout the development cycle.

*	Drag and Drop	- Supports dragging and dropping of cards.
*	Swim lanes – Grouping of cards based on given key.
*	Editing - Offers card editing, inserting, and deleting. 
*	Filtering - Supports filtering based on user Query.
*	Adaptive Rendering – Allows the Kanban to adapt to the screen size.
*	Templates for Cards – Offers to render the card based on user template.
*	Column level Constraint - Offers column or swim lane based constraint.
*	Stacked Header - Allows to categorize and group the column headers.
*	Keyboard Navigation – Allows to perform all common actions through keyboard input.
*   Printing - Kanban can be printed easily by using Print feature.

## Ribbon

### Bug Fixes
{:#ribbon-bug-fixes}

* \#156980-`addTab` and `addContextualTabs` methods are working with backstage page.
* \#156980-Method provided to remove group content.
* \#156980-Methods are provided for adding,removing and updating backstage page items.
* \#147187-Misalignment issue has been fixed while changing the locale dynamically inside of Tab control.

## Gantt

### Features
{:#gantt-features}

* \#152733 – Now Gantt can be rendered in read-only mode by enabling `readOnly` option.
* \#154263 – Performance has been improved for rendering large data source with predecessor enabled.
* \#150261 – Now the task labels can be customized with templates and also can be positioned on either side of the taskbar. 
* \#155991 - Now timescale start date can be started from nearest month or year instead of the project start and end date.

### Bug fixes
{:#gantt-bug-fixes}

* \#156468- Issue with data type for duration calculation in 24 hours working time scale hour has been fixed.
* \#156412- Issue while using `HH` in date format has been fixed
* \#156415- Issue with expander icon rendering for empty parent record has been fixed.
* \#154812- Issue with hiding search textbox placeholder text while clicking on it in Microsoft Edge browser has been fixed.

### Breaking Changes
{:#gantt-breaking-changes}

* Now indent toolbar item will be enabled only on enabling `editSettings.allowIndent` property. The default value of `allowIndent` property is false.
* Now the Gantt column resizing behavior has been changed. In earlier version when we resize a column, all other columns will be adjusted. Now only the current resizing column and the next column alone will be adjusted


## Grid

### Bug Fixes
{:#grid-bug-fixes}

*  \#155633 - Now we can access `CustomContextMenuItem` property as inner level property of `ContextMenuSettings`.
*  \#153689 - Double tap is working fine in Grid with mobile device.
*  \#157627 - Now enable the filtering through setModel without refresh the Grid's content.
*  \#157143 - Multilevel stacked header rows will export properly.
*  \#156031 - Triggered the server side event without script error while using `TemplateID` in `CustomToolbarItem`.
*  \#158767 - Provided support for CRUD operation on Object datasource bound to the Grid control. 
### Breaking Changes
{:#grid-breaking-changes}

*  In Grid, Persisted item in local storage has changed `$ej$+pluginName+id` instead of `pluginName+id`.
*  In Grid,Editing enabled for field bound `template` column.
*  In Grid, Changed the API from `disableHtmlEncode` to `DisableHtmlEncode`.
*  Now the Grid column resizing behavior has been changed. In earlier version when we resize a column, all other columns will be adjusted. Now only the current resizing column and the next column alone will be adjusted
## HeatMap `preview`

The heat map represents tabular data values as gradient colors instead of numbers. Low and high values are different colors with different gradients.

### Features
{:#heatmap-features}

* 2 types of data source mapping (TableMapping, CellMapping)
* Color mapping
* Legend
* Virtualization
## Maps

### Bug fixes
{:#maps-bug-fixes}

 * \#154697 - Map Designer is not working for map provider sample has been fixed.
 * \#150840 - Export is not working in Firefox and IE browser issue has been fixed.
 * \#153489 - Polygon Layer not in the center of the page issue fixed
 * \#155257 - ColorMapping is not visible in aspx page and Maps crashed when we set ColorMapping in code behind has been fixed

### Features
{:#maps-features}

* \#150840 - Image export support implemented
* \#153489 - Label support for Points and Line data implemented
## OlapClient

### Breaking Changes 
{:#olapclient-breakingchanges}

* Control name has been changed from "OlapChart" to "PivotChart".
* Class name has been changed from "OlapChart" to "PivotChart".
* Namespace has been changed from "Syncfusion.JavaScript.Olap.OlapChart" to "Syncfusion.JavaScript.PivotChart".


## PDF

### Features
{:#pdf-features}

* Support for inserting pages from an existing document into a new document or another existing document has been added.
* IDisposable interface has been implemented for PdfDocument object.
* Support for toggling the visibility of form fields when printing has been added.

### Bug Fixes
{:#pdf-bug-fixes} 

* \#157204 - Top border style of `PdfGrid` is now preserved as expected when applying dotted line.
* \#156812 - Unexpected second page is no longer added when drawing `PdfGrid`. 
* \#156541 - Image added to the PDF is now visible.
* \#155281 - Text is now aligned properly when using `PdfTrueTypeFont` in `PdfLightTable`.
* \#154748 - ArgumentOutOfRangeException is no longer thrown while converting XPS to PDF.
* \#155041 - Images are now visible while converting the specific Word document to PDF.
* \#154918 - Exception is no longer thrown while parsing layers in the PDF document page.
* \#154931 - NullReferenceException is no longer thrown while loading the specific PDF document.
* \#154548 -  `Size` property now works as expected in PdfGS1Code128Barcode.
* \#154166 - NullReferenceException is no longer thrown when retrieving data from specific time stamp server.
* \#153715 - Document is no longer damaged when signing an existing PDF document.
* \#153896, 157500 - Text in the specific document is now preserved properly while converting Word to PDF.
* \#153957 - Text is no more clipped while converting XPS to PDF.
* \#153969 - List box items are now visible when selecting multiple values.
* \#153816 - Image rendering issue no longer occurs when converting TIFF to PDF.
* \#151146 - Characters are now properly preserved while flattening the form fields.
* \#153659 - UnexpectedTokenException no longer occurs while loading the existing PDF document.
* \#153343 - Text is preserved as expected when drawing English and Chinese characters together using CJK fonts.
* \#153027 - Dollar symbol is now preserved correctly when flattening the PDF form.
* \#152764, 156068 - Document information is no longer blank when adding metadata to the specific PDF document.
* \#151565 - Function evaluation failed error is no longer shown in Visual Studio intellisense, when loading the PDF document.
* \#151048 - Text positions are now properly preserved when converting EMF to PDF.
* \#151146 - Text is now properly aligned when flattening form fields.
* \#124478 - Text is now properly displayed while converting XPS to PDF.
* Exception is no longer thrown while removing named destinations in an existing PDF document.
* Text is now preserved properly while flattening the button field.
* Opacity is now properly preserved when converting XPS to PDF.

## PDF Viewer

### Features 
{:#pdfviewer-features}

* Support for responsive rendering has been added.
* Touch support to scroll and magnify the PDF document has been added.
* Print abort functionality has been added.

### Bug fixes
{:#pdfviewer-bug-fixes}

* \#150646 - Document is now displayed as expected, instead of blank pages.
* \#155070 - Contents in the PDF document are now rendered as expected.
* \#155070 - `Load` method now works as expected.
* Image in the PDF document is now loaded as expected in ejPdfViewer.
* 'ZoomTo' method now works as expected.
* Content of the PDF document is now rendered properly.
## PivotChart

### Features
{:#pivotchart-features}

* Provided support for relational data sources.

### Breaking Changes 
{:#pivotchart-breakingchanges}

* Control name has been changed from "OlapChart" to "PivotChart".
* Class name has been changed from "OlapChart" to "PivotChart".
* Namespace has been changed from "Syncfusion.JavaScript.Olap.OlapChart" to "Syncfusion.JavaScript.PivotChart".
* The following enumeration `OlapChartType` has been changed to `PivotChartType` since control name has been renamed.  

## PivotGauge

### Features
{:#pivotgauge-features}

* Provided support for relational data sources.

### Breaking Changes 
{:#pivotgauge-breakingchanges}

* Control name has been changed from "OlapGauge" to "PivotGauge".
* Class name has been changed from "OlapGauge" to "PivotGauge".
* Namespace has been changed from "Syncfusion.JavaScript.Olap.OlapGauge" to "Syncfusion.JavaScript.PivotGauge".

## PivotGrid

### Features
{:#pivotgrid-features}

* \#154281, \#157635 - Calculated field support for relational data sources at Client Mode is done.
* \#148735, \#144521 - Cell Selection: Single row or column selection is done. 
* PDF, CSV and Word exporting is now supported at Client Mode. 
* Excel-like filtering and sorting has been provided for OLAP data source at Client Mode.
* Drill through support has been provided. 

### Breaking Changes 
{:#pivotgrid-breakingchanges}

* The following enumerations `PivotAnalysisSummaryType`, `PivotAnalysisFilterType`, `PivotGridOperationalMode` and `PivotGridAnalysisMode` has been changed to `PivotSummaryType`, `PivotFilterType`, `PivotOperationalMode` and `PivotAnalysisMode` respectively since datasource object is now common to all Pivot controls.
* The following class `PivotGridDataSource` has been changed to `PivotDataSource` since it has been converted to a common class for all Pivot controls henceforth.  

## PivotTreeMap `Preview`

The PivotTreeMap control lets the user to visualize OLAP data in the form of nested nodes in hierarchical order with the ability to drill up and down. 

### Features
{:#pivottreemap-features}

* OLAP data source is supported in both Client and Server Mode.
* Drill up and down capabilities are available.
* Color Mapping: Normal and Range based are supported. 

## Predictive Analytics

### Features
{:#predictive-analytics-features}

* \#154527 - Added support to return output field evaluation results along with Predicted Result.

### Bug Fixes
{:#predictive-analytics-bug-fixes}

* \#154922 - Resolved the scoring procedure issues with mining (Ensemble) model evaluator.
## Presentation

### Features
{:#presentation-features}
* \#155426 - Added support to add and modify hyperlinks in PowerPoint slide.
* \#155382 - Added support to convert hyperlinks in PowerPoint presentation to PDF document
* \#157587 - Added support to access the "SlideID" associated with each slides in PowerPoint presentation.
* Added support for converting Notes pages to PDF document
* Added support for setting custom slide size in PowerPoint presentation
* Added support for setting background images with "Stretch" and "Tile" options in PowerPoint presentation

### Bug Fixes
{:#presentation-bug-fixes}
* \#156159 - "NullReferenceException" will be no longer thrown while opening the PowerPoint presentations modified using Open XML SDK
* \#155355 -  Category label index values of "3D clustered column charts" and "Bar charts" are preserved as in input PowerPoint presentation while PPTX to PDF conversion
* \#155884 - "NullReferenceException" will be no longer thrown while opening a PowerPoint presentation edited with Open XML SDK
* \#154813 - "NullReferenceException" will be no longer thrown while opening a PowerPoint presentation generated by b2xTranslator(3rd party tool)
* \#156191 - "KeepSourceFormatting" paste option will now work properly while merging two PowerPoint presentation
* "ParseException" will be no longer thrown while serializing a pie chart
* "ArgumentNullReferenceException" will be no longer thrown while the "MinusIRange" property of the chart is null
* "Smooth line chart" will no longer change into "Straight line chart" while resaving the PowerPoint Presentation
* Line thickness will no longer change while setting the line color.
* "NotSupportedException" will be no longer thrown while opening the PowerPoint presentation with "Clustered bar chart"
* "Date axis" in charts are now preserved properly while resaving the PowerPoint presentation
* "ArgumentException" will be no longer thrown while resorting the chart series formats.
* "Index Out of Range Exception" will be no longer thrown while parsing the PowerPoint presentation with "Line chart"
* Secondary axis in "Bar chart" is now preserved while resaving a PowerPoint presentation.
* "Stock chart" will no longer change into "Line Chart" while resaving the PowerPoint presentation.
* Now the BuiltInDocumentProperty - "NoteCount" is updated properly while resaving the PowerPoint presentation
* Legend color of  the chart is now preserved properly while PowerPoint presentation to Image conversion
* "BarShapeTop" property of 3D-chart types is now preserved properly while resaving the PowerPoint presentation
* Chart title is now preserve as same as in input file while resaving the PowerPoint presentation
* "SerieNameLevel" and "CategoryLabelLevel" properties of chart are now preserved properly while resaving the PowerPoint presentation.
## RangeNavigator

### Bug Fixes
{:#rangenavigator-bug-fixes}

* \#155009 - Exception on setting range in string is fixed.
 
## ReportViewer

### Features
{:#reportviewer-features}

* \#154109 - Provided support to Load Embedded PDF Fonts in ReportViewer.
* \#153858 - Provided the customization option for ReportViewer error block.
* \#152862 - Provided edit Connection string option at Run-time.
* \#147488 - Provided the support for Drilldown action in Excel.
* \#144682 - Provided the support to Store the credential information in embedded resource. 
* \#156181, #156131 - Provided 2016 RDL Schema  support.
* \#147340 - Provided support to export report as PPTX(PowerPoint) document.
* \#118920, #138638, #141386, #144345 – Provided external data source support in ReportViewer.

### Bug Fixes
{:#reportviewer-bug-fixes}

* \#151544, #153576 - Now, the code modules working fine without getting assembly reference error in ReportViewer.
* \#154197 - Now, Group Sorting working fine for Tablix report item in ReportViewer.
* \#151661 - Now, fixed Number formatting when export to Excel.
* \#155480 - Drilldown working fine for Detail groups of Tablix.
* \#154781 - Now, the sum expression is working properly with Tablix groups.
* \#151484 - Now, the sum expression is working properly for float data type in ReportViewer.
* \#156701 - Now, Drilldown icons displays in Edge browser
* \#154370 - Now, Rectangle properly displaying in Tablix report item corner cells of ReportViewer.
* \#153930 - The ReportViewer crash has been resolved when using incorrect values in page navigation input box.
* \#155658 - Now, the Tablix report item contents are rendered without overlapping.
* \#156612 - Fixed Tablix Top Border line is not displaying In ReportViewer
* \#151253 - The additional spaces with textbox report item in ReportViewer has been cleared.
* \#154004, #155480 - The Tablix contents rendering fine without text overlapping when performing drilldown action in ReportViewer.
* \#154393 - Now, the page number textbox automatically reset when we give the special characters.
## Schedule

### Features
{:#schedule-features}

* Provided support to block the particular timeslots in Scheduler.

* PDF Export feature has been enhanced with options to set/change the page settings such as size, margins (left, right, top and bottom), transition, rotate angle and header/footer values.

### Bug Fixes
{:#schedule-bug-fixes} 

* \#149296 - Schedule is rendering fine, when we define only the clientId property in sample side.
* \#150560 - All the appointments in Schedule are exported in PDF correctly.
* \#150560 - Appointments are displaying correctly, while exporting the schedule in PDF.
* \#151113 - The problem with server-side event OnServerBeforeAppointmentChange not receiving resource Id in its argument list has been fixed.
* \#156079, \#156260, \#156921, \#158017 - The problem with displaying appropriate number of days in the corresponding month(s) is fixed, when `FirstDayOfWeek` property is set.
## Sparkline `Preview`

{:#sparkline-feature}

A new Sparkline control has been added to present trends and variations associated with some measurement, such as average temperature or stock market activity, in a simple, light weighted and condensed way.

### Key Features

*	Supports line, column, area, Win-loss and pie type series.
*	Tooltip displays detailed information about the data point. 
*	Markers indicate the value of a point for line, area and column series.
*	Ability to customize first, last, negative, high, and low points. 
*	Range band feature allows to highlight a particular range along y-axis. 


## SplitButton

### Bug Fixes
{:#splitbutton-bug-fixes}

* \#156402 - SplitButton is now working properly when the control ID starts with special characters and ClientIDMode set as "static".

## Spreadsheet

### Features
{:#spreadsheet-features}

* Provided adaptive Spreadsheet support.
* Provided PDF export support.
* Provided support for freeze panes in virtualization. 
* Provided support for data manager virtualization.

## TimePicker

### Features
{:#timepicker-features}

* \#153678 - A collection of time values can be disabled on the TimePicker popup.

### Breaking Changes
{:#timepicker-breakingchanges}

* TimePicker value defaults to `MinTime` if `EnableStrictMode` property is set as true.

## TreeGrid

### Features 
{:#treegrid-features}

* \#140688, #141366, #142336 , #153939 - Support for exporting TreeGrid contents to excel has been implemented. 
* \#155640- Support for adding records dynamically with self-referential data source has been implemented.
* \#155576- Support for column resizing events in TreeGrid has been implemented.

### Bug fixes
{:#treegrid-bug-fixes}

* \#156061- Issue with binding data to the details view, while using AngularJS template has been fixed.
* \#156393- Now the `QueryCellInfo` event will be triggered while selecting next page button in Paging.
* \#154122- Focusing issue, while rendering large data without scrollbar, has been fixed.
* \#155484- Issue with changing data source dynamically has been fixed. 
* \#154122- Issue while resizing browser with `EnableVirtualization` and `EnableCollapseAll` properties enabled has been fixed.

### Breaking Changes
{:#treegrid-breaking-changes}
*  Now the TreeGrid column resizing behavior has been changed. In earlier version when we resize a column, all other columns will be adjusted. Now only the current resizing column and the next column alone will be adjusted
## UploadBox

### Bug Fixes
{:#uploadbox-bug-fixes}

* \#123569, \#154705 - Virtual path support is provided for UploadBox control while locating URL.
## XlsIO

### Features
{:#xlsio-features}

* \#156955 - Table formula support has been added.
* \#154319 - Support for new Excel 2016 functions has been added.
* \#146213, \#155355 3D chart support during Excel to PDF conversion has been added.
* Support for importing data into Excel from dynamic and ExpandoObject objects has been added.
* Support for Text, Date and Dynamic filters has been added.
* Replace operation has been enhanced with customized options.
* Incremental formula (row wise and column wise) support has been added.
* Support is provided for number format in conditional formats.

### Bug fixes
{:#xlsio-bug-fixes}

* \#152796 - Ambiguity problem while accessing name of the chart through `IChartShape` is resolved.
* \#154096 - File corruption issue after resaving the file is resolved.
* \#154123 - NullReferenceException is no longer thrown while parsing chart series data points.
* \#154057 - ParseException is no longer thrown while parsing a workbook generated from EPPlus.
* \#153772 - Number format will no longer change inside `ImportArray()` method when it is passed as a parameter.
* \#153616, \#154276 - Issues with conditional formatting while converting to HTML format are resolved.
* \#152942 - Text clipping is proper now during converting from Excel to HTML.
* \#150880, \#151503 - `FormulaValue` is now updated properly after updating the formula.
* \#154138 - ParseException is no longer thrown while applying subtotal in German culture.
* \#157717, \#153917 - Performance issue while applying styles for existing workbook is resolved.
* \#155359 - OutOfMemoryException is thrown while converting chart to image is resolved.
* \#154858 - ArgumentException is thrown when a formula length exceeds 255 in .XLS format is resolved.
* \#154379 - Issues with label color settings based on number format in image conversion are resolved.
* \#155657 - ArgumentOutOfRangeException is thrown while calling `SaveAs()` multiple times for .XLS file is resolved.
* \#155966 - Misplaced text issue while increasing check box height is resolved.
* \#154499, \#156771 - Issues with custom `IconSet` in the conditional formats are fixed.
* \#156319 - ArgumentException is no longer thrown while copying between different worksheets.
* \#155690 - Issue with horizontal page break collection of worksheet returning empty is resolved.
* \#156017 - Comment property is now available in named range and is no longer removed while saving.
* \#156144- File gets corrupted when inserting rows after table header row is fixed.
* \#154964, \#155881, \#156893, \#158255- Application no longer hangs while setting formulas to a range.
** \#155864 - Performance issue while opening a sheet with larger data validations is fixed.
* \#153515 - Issue with ForeColor of chart is resolved.
* \#156893, \#158283 - Performance issue while applying styles by cells is resolved.
* \#155488 - Issue with column style being removed on save is resolved.
* \#155538 - Performance issue while importing data with `ImportOnSave` option as true is resolved.
* \#158045 - Time validation is not set properly when the range has number format is resolved.
* \#155239 - Image is not properly filled in merged cell using Template Marker is resolved.
* \#156920 - XmlException is no longer thrown while opening the Excel workbook with pictures.
* \#157158 - NotSupportedException is no longer thrown while reading the `SparklineGroup`.
* \#156796 - `Value` and `DisplayText` return improper value for specific DateTime format is resolved.
* \#155880 - Issue with number formats of axis labels when source linked is resolved.
* \#157275 - Issue with calculated fields not added in the pivot table data fields is resolved.
* \#153772, \#158045 - Number format is not proper while importing array to the worksheet is resolved.
* \#158336 - NullReferenceException thrown while auto fitting the copied range is handled.
* \#154681 - Text formatting issue in chart and legend titles are resolved.
* \#155881 - Border is not updated properly is resolved.
* \#155434 - DivideByZeroException is no longer thrown while importing DataTable with DDE link formula.
* \#156583 - File is no longer corrupted when saving a workbook with two tables.
* \#156530 - Performance delay while converting a worksheet with multiple formula to PDF is resolved.
* \#155487 - ArgumentException is no longer thrown while converting a file with footer (&Path&File) to PDF.
* \#155093 - ArgumentOutOfRangeException is no longer thrown in PDF conversion while updating embed fonts.
* \#152942, \#147141 - Date axis option is changed in the HTML conversion is resolved.
* \#154915 - Issues with label separation from axis line in chart to image conversion are resolved.
* \#154379 - FormatException is no longer thrown while converting chart to image.
* \#155355 - Few charts are missing in Excel to PDF conversion are resolved.
* \#155903 - Issue with chart to image conversion due to incorrect formula number values is resolved.
* \#155355, \#155784 - Issues with custom text settings in data labels are resolved.
* \#158494 - Normal style formatting preservation issue in RTF to RTF conversion is resolved.
* \#156929 - Issues with individual data point border in series in the image conversion are resolved.
* \#156929 - Issue with legend icon color on invert color applied series in chart to image conversion is resolved.
* \#133021 - Issue with XLS document metadata with null/0-length string value is resolved.
* \#154803, \#150279 - Issue with style duplications, named ranges and worksheet references in XlsIO code generator are fixed.
Formula range is not updated while referring value form different worksheet is resolved.
Issue with copying or moving a table between different worksheets is resolved.
ArgumentException is no longer thrown while accessing first formula in data validation.
NullReferenceException is no longer thrown while accessing RTF text.
`AutoFitColumns` is now working properly for accounting number formats.
OverflowException will no longer occur while setting cell reference as formula.
ArgumentOutOfRangeException is no longer thrown while setting empty string to `IMigrantRange`.
ArgumentOutOfRangeException is no longer thrown when opening the excel file.
`GetRowHeightInPixels()` method now returns proper row height on opening a file.
Row values are updated properly after `DeleteRow()`.
`SerieType` property of chart is now properly updated on resaving XLSX file.
Auto-fitting rows now returns proper row height.
`IsSummaryRowBelow` flag in subtotal is now working properly.
Issues in display text for pre-defined currency number formats are resolved.
NullReferenceException for pivot source range while importing is handled.
