---
title       : Essential Studio for ASP.NET 2016 Volume 4  Release Notes
description : Essential Studio for ASP.NET 2016 Volume 4  Release Notes
platform    : aspnet
---

# Essential Studio for ASP.NET Release Notes

{% include release-info.html date=site.releasedate.2016_vol_4 version=site.version.2016_vol_4 %} 





## Common

### Features
{:#common-features}

* \#162203 - Now Theme studio have the option to switch to the previous version, to customize the corresponding version`s themes.
* \#162612 - We have improved the performance when we serialize the large amount of series from JSON data.

### Bug Fixes
{:#common-bug-fixes}

* \#165738 - Downloaded LESS and CSS files are from theme studio which was not generated properly henceforth, issue has been fixed.
## Signature `preview`

We have launched new control for capturing the digital signature with mouse and touch compatibility. The Signature control is used to capture or drawing the smooth signatures.


### Features
{:#signature-features}

* Signature captures signature as vector outlines of the strokes
* Using Signature we can customize the background, stroke width and stroke color. 
* Provided Undo, Redo & Clear options.
* Converts the captured signature into image format.
## Calculate

### Bug Fixes
{:#calculate-bug-fixes} 

* \#163529 – Formula having Named Ranges enclosed with parenthesis are now calculated properly.
## Chart

### Bug Fixes
{:#chart-bug-fixes} 
 
* \#165243, \#165523, \#165823  - Chart series are now rendering properly on postback.
* \#164033, \#164913 - Date time axis label is now rendering properly on window resize.
* \#163417 - Tooltip for chart is now rendering properly, when the [`Format`](https://help.syncfusion.com/api/js/ejchart#members:series-tooltip-format) of the tooltip contains, break tag.
* \#165833 - [`MultiLevelLabels`](https://help.syncfusion.com/api/js/ejchart#members:primaryxaxis-multilevellabels) is now rendering properly on postback.
* \#166594 - Animation for line type series is now working properly for jQuery 3 and above version.
* \#165051 - Marker is now removed properly while the points in series are emptied.
* \#165243 - Radar chart is now rendering properly while enabling the marker.
* \#166453 - Zoom toolbar is now updating properly in canvas mode.
* \#164589 - Zoom toolbar will not hide while enabling the `DataLabel` [`Template`](https://help.syncfusion.com/api/js/ejchart#members:series-marker-datalabel-template).

 
### Features
{:#chart-features}

* Provided support for drag and drop of points in chart. 
* \#160843 - Provided support for datetime category axis.  
* \#162320 - Provided an option to force the range for vertical axis of column type series to start from zero.​​​ By default the range will start from zero.    
 
## CircularGauge

### Bug Fixes
{:#circulargauge-bug-fixes}


* \#165319  - Background color for half-circular gauge is now applied properly.
## Diagram

### Features
{:#diagram-features}

* Support to add lane dynamically at specified index is added.
## Dialog

### Bug fixes
{:#dialog-bug-fixes}

* \#163035 - The issue on editing the RTE inside Dialog control has been fixed.
* \#163730 - The problem with rendering ActionButtons has been resolved.

## DocIO

### Features
{:#DocIO-features}
* \#160367 - Added `EnableFastRendering` property in `DocToPDFConverterSettings` class for converting Word document to PDF, 30% faster than the previous version.

### Breaking Changes
{:#DocIO-breaking-changes}

* Default encoding is modified from UTF-8 with BOM to UTF-8 without BOM while saving text file using the method `Save(string fileName, FormatType.Txt)` of `WordDocument` class and it can be modified using existing public method `SaveTxt(string fileName, Encoding encoding)` of `WordDocument` class.
* Default encoding is modified from Windows Default (ANSI) without BOM to UTF-8 without BOM while saving text file using the method `Save(Stream stream, FormatType.Txt)` of `WordDocument` class and it can be modified using new public method `SaveTxt(Stream stream, Encoding encoding)` of `WordDocument` class.

### Bug Fixes
{:#DocIO-bug-fixes}

* \#157194 - InvalidOperationException will no longer thrown while converting a particular Word document as PDF.
* \#161613 - Table cell margin is now preserved properly while converting particular Word document as PDF.
* \#164631 - Word document converted as PDF with PDF/A-1b conformance level will meet the adobe preflight PDF/A-1b compliance.
* \#161882, \#164782 - NullReferenceException will no longer thrown while converting a particular Word document as PDF.
* \#162767, \#162891 - AltChunk contents are now preserved properly while converting a particular Word document as PDF.
* \#162848 - Word splitting issue has been resolved while converting a particular Word document as PDF.
* \#162851 - Performance has been improved in Word to PDF conversion.
* \#164123 - Images are now preserved properly while converting a particular Word document as PDF.
* \#164110 - Vertical merged cell contents are now preserved properly while converting a particular Word document as PDF.
* \#161326 - WMF images are now preserved properly while import/export the DOC format document.
* \#162311 - Checkbox is now preserved properly while resaving a particular DOCX format document.
* \#163760 - ArgumentOutOfRangeException will no longer thrown while opening a particular RTF format document.
* \#165424 - Unicode characters are now preserved properly while resaving a particular RTF format document.
* \#163530 - EncoderFallbackException will no longer thrown while resaving a particular Word document as Text file.
* \#162545 - Track changes are now accepted properly for the particular DOCX format document.
* \#164220 - Empty paragraph is now preserved properly while resaving a particular Word document as HTML.
* \#164220 - Line spacing is now preserved properly while resaving a particular Word document as HTML.
* \#165376 - Textbox content preservation issue has been resolved while converting a particular Word document as PDF.
* \#165645 - Line spacing is now preserved properly while converting a particular Word document as PDF.
* \#164782 - IndexOutOfRangeException will no longer thrown while disposing a particular Word document.
* \#165645 - Character spacing of text is now preserved properly while import/export a RTF document.
* \#165843 - List number is now preserved properly while clone and merge a particular Word document.
* \#165192 - Table header row is now preserved properly while converting a particular Word document as PDF.
* \#165340 - Word document encryption/decryption is now working properly in FIPS compliance.
* \#164561 - `Page` and `NumPages` fields are now preserved properly while re-saving a particular Word document.
* \#165878 - Picture watermark position is now preserved properly while converting a particular Word document as PDF.
* \#165820 - FormatException will no longer thrown while opening a particular RTF format document.
* \#165387, \#166451 - NullReferenceException will no longer thrown while executing Mail merge using `ExecuteNestedGroup()` method.

## DropDownList

### Bug fixes
{:#dropdownlist-bug-fixes}

* \#165858 - The issue "Data binding issue occurs when updating the value of DropDownList after editing in form view" has been resolved.
## Gantt

### Features
{:#gantt-features}

* \#164555 - Now support has been provided to render tasks with incorrect/empty parent IDs to the root level. 
* \#164024 - Now `TaskbarClick` event will be triggered while clicking the taskbars.
* \#166671 - Now it is possible to export the Gantt control to excel sheet.
* \#166335 - Provided support to update the resource data dynamically using setModel

## Grid

### Bug Fixes
{:#grid-bug-fixes}

* \#157447 - Filter icon gets overlapped with the `headerText`.
* \#165609 - Display as checkbox is not serialized when set as false.

### Features
{:#grid-features}

* \#157176 - Rename `virtual paging` sample to `virtual scrolling`.
* \#161075 - Bind remote `dataSource` for the grid `Columns` property.
## HeatMap

### Features
{:#heatmap-features}

* RTL Support for HeatMap and Legend Control is added.

## Kanban

### Features
{:#kanban-features}

* Support provided to change the unassigned swim lane key values with user defined keys.

### Breaking changes
{:#kanban-breaking-changes}

* `MenuItems` property parameters changed from list of `enum` into list of string.
## ListBox

### Features
{:#listbox-features}

* We have provided template support for ListBox with virtual scrolling using the newly added API `itemHeight` to customize the items.
## ListView

### Features
{:#listview-features}

* We have provided localization support for ListView header text.
## Map

### Bug Fixes
{:#map-bug-fixes}
 
* \#150927, \#149972  - `SubLayers` are now rendering properly in designer.
* \#163272  - Updating old markers with new markers are working properly while refreshing map.


### Breaking Changes
{:#map-breaking-changes}

*  \#150927, \#149972 - Removed setter for [`SubLayers`](https://help.syncfusion.com/api/js/ejmap#members:layers) collection property, now you can add `SubLayers` through "AddRange" and "Add" method as like in below code snippet.

{% highlight csharp %}

 * List<ShapeLayer> layers = newList<ShapeLayer>();​​​
 * this.map.Layers.AddRange(layers);

{% endhighlight %}
 


## PDF

### Features
{:#pdf-features}

* \#164699 - Support for UPC-A barcode has been added.


### Bug Fixes
{:#pdf-bug-fixes} 

* \#158424 - Index was outside the bounds of the array exception is no longer thrown, while loading a PDF document.
* \#163672 - Parameter is not valid exception is no longer thrown, while using IE based HTML to PDF converter.
* \#165140 - No duplicate fonts are retrieved from the PDF document.
* \#163906 - Adobe reader exception is no longer thrown, while drawing image in the PDF document.
* \#164547 - Exception is no longer thrown while getting the used fonts from the PDF document.
* \#164832 - Can not find catalog information exception is no longer thrown while loading a PDF document.
* \#163146 - EMF shapes are preserved properly when converting EMF to PDF.
* \#154150 - `PdfGrid` cells are now properly resized based on the row span.
* \#164859 - Application will never get hang while generating the PDF document in multi thread environment using `PdfTrueTypeFont`.
* \#164940 - Image is now preserved properly while converting Presentation to PDF.
* \#164222 - File size of the PDF is now reduced while converting XPS to PDF.
* \#161216 - Extra spaces will never appear between numbers while converting HTML to PDF
* \#157711 - Bold text will never appear as superscript in HTML to PDF conversion.
* \#163976 - File size is reduced while adding time stamp in PDF document.
* \#161590 - Memory leak will never occur while drawing identical image in PDF
* \#165358 - NullReferenceException is no longer thrown while accessing file name in `PdfLoadedFileLinkAnnotation`.
* \#163307 - Layer value is now preserved properly while retrieving from the PDF loaded document.
* \#163402 - Parameter is not valid exception is no longer thrown while processing OCR.
* \#163309 - Font value is now preserved properly in the PDF loaded document
* \#161409 - Form fields value are now preserved properly in extended feature enabled document.
* \#149661 - Page breaks are now preserved properly in IE Converter.
* \#165326 - ArgumentException is no longer thrown while saving `PdfLoadedDocument`.
* \#164884 - No more empty layers are added while getting PDF page layers.
* \#161409 - Form fields value has been preserved properly in extended feature enabled document.
* \#165345 - Form fields value has been preserved properly while appending the text in the PDF document.
* \#165726 - NullReferenceException is no longer thrown while retrieving PDF used fonts.
* \#152738 - Images are now preserved properly when converting EMF to PDF.



## PDF Viewer

### Features
{:#pdfviewer-features}

* \#165286 - Provided support to hide the download button from the toolbar of the PDF viewer control.
* \#163032 - Exposed `PageClicked` event in ejPdfViewer control.
* \#164281 - Provided support to restrict print and copy the content of the PDF document based on its encryption.
* \#155247, \#154831, \#158046, \#165087 - Support for editing and saving the AcroForms is added to the ejPdfViewer control.
* \#165408 - Provided support for rendering all the pages of the PDF document in the single interaction with the server.

### Bug Fixes
{:#pdfviewer-bug-fixes}

* \#164122 - PDF documents are rendered properly when multiple PDF viewer controls are added to the same web page.
* \#162811 - Single quotes are preserved properly in ejPdfViewer control.
* \#165646 - Text contents will be displayed properly in ejPdfViewer control.
* \#165906 - Page are rendered properly when we change the page fit options rapidly in ejPdfViewer control.
* \#166010 - Tooltip position will be relative to the header on scrolling through the browser.

## PivotClient

### Features
{:#pivotclient-features}

* Label and value filtering support has been added for relational data sources at client mode. Previously this feature was available for OLAP data sources at both server and client mode.

## PivotGrid

### Features
{:#pivotgrid-features}

*  Label and value filtering support has been added for relational data sources at client mode. Previously this feature was available for OLAP data sources at both server and client mode.
  

## Predictive Analytics

### Bug Fixes
{:#predictive-analytics-bug-fixes}

* \#167087 - Resolved the PMML 4.2 version compatibility issues with Naive Bayes model evaluator.
## Presentation

### Features
{:#presentation-features}
* \#166430 - Added support to access and modify the rotation angle of a shape in PowerPoint slides.

### Breaking Changes
{:#presentation-breaking-changes}
* The property `Rotation` is now added into `IShape` interface.

### Bug Fixes
{:#presentation-bug-fixes}
* \#166067 - The generated PowerPoint presentation will be no longer corrupted while adding or removing the Notes pages.
* \#165340 - Presentation library is now compatible with FIPS(Federal Information Processing Standard).
* \#160129 - Issues with adding multiple instances of OLE objects in a PowerPoint slide is now resolved.
* \#165072 - Issues in Clone and Merge functionalities are now resolved.
* \#164372 - Null reference exception" will be no longer thrown while resaving the PowerPoint presentation with a cloned SmartArt diagram.
* \#164260 - Argument exception will be no longer thrown while converting PowerPoint slides to images.
* \#162341 - Text formatting will be now preserved properly while merging two PowerPoint presentations.
* \#164372 - The merged PowerPoint presentation will be no longer corrupted while cloning the slides using `KeepSourceFormatting` option.
* \#162450 - Chart series colors are now preserved properly while converting the PowerPoint slide to an image.
* \#161690 - Paragraph text with the gradient fill will be preserved properly while converting the PowerPoint presentation to PDF or image. 


## RadialSlider

### Breaking Changes
{:#radialslider-breaking-changes}

* We have deprecated `LableSpace` property. Instead of this we have added **LabelSpace** property to achieve this behavior.
## ReportViewer

### Features

* \#165414 – Now, the performance of page navigation process has been improved in ReportViewer.


### Bug Fixes	
{:#reportviewer-bug-fixes}

* \#163282 - Now, the page settings API options are working fine.
* \#163282 - Now, the page setup orientation works fine.
* \#161847 - The tooltip position is misplaced in IE8 browser issue has been fixed.
* \#161847 - The report position is misplaced, while navigating page in IE8 browser issue has been fixed.
* \#165884 – Now, the `FormatNumber` expression working fine with Custom Code.
* \#165213 – Now, the report parameter can be used inside the looping statement in custom code of ReportViewer.
* \#146053 – Now, the rectangle width has been updated properly when tablix placed inside the rectangle.
* \#166428 – Now, the tablix cell `Hidden` property works fine, when the cell model `Hidden` property has been set as True.
* \#166339 – Now, the chart legends are displayed properly when there is no legend title for chart report item.
* \#165213 – Resolved the exception, when we use aggregate function `Count` in query text.

### Breaking Changes

Data extension configuration syntax has been changed for maintaining the standards as like [`SQL Server Reporting Services (SSRS)`](https://msdn.microsoft.com/en-us/library/ms155086.aspx#Procedures).

Before:

{% highlight xml %}

<SyncfusionDataExtension>
    <DataExtension>
      <Extensions>
        <add name="SSAS" assemblyName="Syncfusion.Reporting.DataExtensions.SSAS" type="Syncfusion.Reporting.DataExtensions.SSAS.SSASDataExtension"></add>
      </Extensions>
    </DataExtension>
</SyncfusionDataExtension>

{% endhighlight %}

Now:

{% highlight xml %}

<ReportingExtensions>
   <DataExtension>
        <Extension Name="SSAS" Assembly="Syncfusion.Reporting.DataExtensions.SSAS" Type="Syncfusion.Reporting.DataExtensions.SSAS.SSASDataExtension"/>
   </DataExtension>
</ReportingExtensions>

{% endhighlight %}

Use `Syncfusion.Reporting.Extension` namespace for `DataExtension` class instead of `Syncfusion.DataExtension.DataExtension`. It has been changed for maintaining the naming standard for custom extension.

## Ribbon

### Features
{:#ribbon-features}

* On-demand rendering support provided for ribbon tabs and backstage.

## Rotator

### Breaking Changes
{:#rotator-breaking-changes}

* `TargetAttibute` property has been removed. Instead of this, we have added **TargetAttribute** property to achieve this behavior.
## Schedule

### Features
{:#schedule-features}

* Month name(in short format) is displayed on the Schedule date header, when more than one month is rendered in the horizontal custom view.

### Breaking changes
{:#schedule-breaking-changes}

* \#166818 - Day column in the Agenda view is localized correctly now, while switching to different cultures.

## Splitter

### Bug fixes
{:#splitter-bug-fixes}

* \#164402 - Problem with removing SplitPane content on switching from designer to source view in Splitter has been fixed.

## Spreadsheet

### Features
{:#spreadsheet-features}

* Provided support for Excel-Like Pivot Table.

### Bug fixes
{:#spreadsheet-bug-fixes}

* \#163548 - Provided event for formula cells recalculation when updating its dependent cell value.
* \#165134 - Provided support for disable or enable resizing option in shape element(chart, picture).
## Tab

### Features
{:#tab-features}

* \#165359 - We have provided the header template support in Tab control which is used to customize the tab header. 



## TimePicker

### Features
{:#timepicker-features}

* \#165411 - Now validation can be achieved in TimePicker using `ValidationRules` and `ValidationMessages` API.

## Toolbar

### Bug Fixes
{:#Toolbar-bug-fixes}

* \#163655 - Provided support to enable or disable Toolbar items using enabledItemIndices and disabledItemIndices properties.


## TreeGrid

### Features
{:#treegrid-features}

* \#161305 - Provided support for filtering data using filter menus.
* \#161198 - Provided support for rearranging the visible columns in Treegrid.

### Bug Fixes
{:#treegrid-bug-fixes}
 
* \#166579 - Issue with `RowDragStop` event while canceling the event has been fixed.
* \#166690 - Toolbar renders with add and edit icons even when the toolbarItems array is empty has been fixed. 
* \#165100 - It is now possible to change column resize mode using `ColumnResizeSettings` property.
* \#166765 - Issue while changing self-referential data source via setModel has been fixed.

## TreeView

### Features
{:#treeview-features}

* \#157634 – Provided the option to highlight the full row of TreeView node in TreeView control.
## XlsIO

### Features
{:#xlsio-features}

* Support for advanced filter is provided.
* Support for comment in ODS export is provided.

### Breaking changes
{:#xlsio-breaking-changes}

* The method `AdvancedFilters` is now added in `IWorksheet` interface.
* The methods `SetPreviousBaseItem` and `SetNextBaseItem` are now added in `IPivotField` interface.

### Bug fixes
{:#xlsio-bug-fixes}

* \#163654 - Argument out of range exception is no longer thrown when opening Excel document with shapes.
* \#163633 - Data validation and conditional formatting are properly updated in XLS format.
* \#163489 - File corruption issue while creating a document with single column sorting is resolved.
* \#163056 - Issue with improper relative hyperlink address is fixed.
* \#163490 - Issue with percent values for Top10 auto filters is fixed.
* \#165013 - Issues with cell merge and its text data while copying ranges are fixed.
* \#163802 - Issue with comment shapes while moving ranges is fixed.
* \#163473, \#165498 - File is no longer corrupted while setting `ShowDataFieldInRow` property to true.
* \#164435 - Circular reference exception thrown while moving a cell range is resolved. 
* \#164782, \#159383 - Not a legal OleAut date exception thrown while converting Excel document to PDF in Greek culture is fixed.
* \#163341, \#163474 - Issue with pivot filter types is fixed.
* \#161896 - Incorrect row height while merging the row with wrapped cells is fixed.
* \#154681 - Text formatting issues in chart elements like data label, title, legend and axis title are fixed.
* \#163882 - Issues with conditional formatting of `CFType` cell formula are fixed.
* \#165559 - Exception is no longer thrown on accessing formula values from conditional formats.
* \#163337 - Application hangs while opening Excel file with pivot table has been fixed.
* \#163560, \#166624 - Formulas updation issue after inserting rows has been fixed.
* \#157952 - Issue with removal of comments while moving a range has been fixed.
* \#164858 - Exception while saving a document by deleting a row with filter, is no longer thrown.
* \#164758 - File corruption issue while re-saving in German culture has been fixed.
* \#165805 - Looping issue while opening an Excel document with absolute anchored shapes has been fixed.
* \#166878 - Null reference exception is no longer thrown while copying empty cells to new workbook.
* \#162207 - Issue with repeated pages in Excel to PDF conversion has been fixed.
* \#164282 - Exception while converting Excel document with merged cells into PDF is no longer thrown.
* \#164782 - Exception while converting Excel document with pivot source into PDF is no longer thrown.
* \#164782 - Exception while converting Excel document with invalid `PrintTitleRows` or `PrintTitleColumns` into PDF is no longer thrown.
* \#164782 - Argument out of range exception while accessing a row beyond the row limit in Excel to PDF conversion is no longer thrown.
* \#166246 - The issue with different margin values in Excel to PDF conversion is fixed.
* \#166144 - Center aligned texts are properly rendered in worksheet to image conversion.
* \#165809 - Charts with single data label is properly converted to image.
* \#164782 - Exception with input string was not in a correct format is no longer thrown while converting an Excel document into PDF.
* \#163682 - Invalid named range exception is no longer thrown while importing data table.
* \#165498 - Argument out of range exception thrown on `ImportDataTable()` is fixed.
* \#162765 - Incorrect cell values in table ranges on PDF conversion is fixed.
* \#164462 - Issue with image position in Excel to PDF conversion is fixed.
* \#163287 - Column width is preserved properly in Excel to HTML conversion.
* \#162449 - Index out of range exception will not be thrown on chart to image conversion.
* \#162635 - Issues with series name, font size and fill color in Excel chart to image conversion are fixed.
