---
title: Essential Studio for ASP.NET  2016 Volume 1   Release Notes  
description: Essential Studio for ASP.NET  2016 Volume 1   Release Notes  
platform: aspnet
documentation: ug
---

# Essential Studio for ASP.NET  Release Notes  

{% include release-info.html date="April 5, 2016"  version="v14.1.0.41" %} 






## Chart

### Bug Fixes
{:#chart-bug-fixes}

* \#150628 - Marker for Radar chart is now visible on redraw.
* \#150616 - Doughnut chart is now rendering properly for single point.
* \#149923 - Tooltip will work even while panning is enabled.
* \#148420, \#149816 - `axesLabelRendering` event is now working properly.
* \#149936 - DataLabel text, now working properly when changing the axis range through set model.
* \#149756 - `pointRegionClick` event will not trigger when clicking the reset button.
* \#150865 - Now zooming is working properly with series and indicators.
* \#152876 - x axis and y axis titles are now rendering properly on removing the series from chart.
* \#151245 - Fixed the chart performance issues on rendering more data.


### Features
{:#chart-features}

* Provided support for multiple Pie and Doughnut series in chart.
* \#132860,\#135883,\#145113,\#148827,\#150523,\#150718,\#151711 - Provided support for customizing space between multiple Column series.
* \#118781 - Provided support to remove the legend item when series name is empty.
* Provided support for selecting range on drag to get the selected data.
* \#140060 - Provided support for indexed category axis. 
* \#154220 - Chart now have the option to enable the scrollbar to pan the zoomed data.
* \#135900,\#137610,\#140644,\#147718 - Provided support for exporting the chart in server side.
* \#135903,\#137028,\#140019,\#135530,\#146627 - Provided support for changing the origin in axis. 
* \#150938 - Line series will now render with multi-color.

### Breaking Changes
{:#chart-breaking-changes}

* `CanResize` property in chart has been deprecated and it has been changed to `IsResponsive`.
## CircularGauge

### Bug Fixes
{:#circulargauge-bug-fixes}

* \#150339 -  Fixed the exception, while setting `ShowLabels` to false in scales.
 
## Common 

### Features
{:#common-features}
* Provided 3.5 .NET Framework support for the Essential ASP.NET Web Forms. 
## Diagram

### Features
{:#diagram-features}

* \#148880 - Support to set the relative/absolute position for the port has been implemented.
* \#149275 - Support to draw polygon points dynamically using polygon tool has been implemented.
* \#144613,\#144763,\#147986 - Support to provide property change event for all diagram objects has been implemented.
* \#149890 - Support to print the diagram document with multiple page has been implemented.
* \#143026,\#146924 - Support to provide multiple parents for automatic layout has been implemented.
* \#151213 - Support to render the tooltip within the viewport has been implemented.
* \#153384 - Support to set the paletteItem's text with wrapping option has been implemented.
* \#136068 - Support to convert the serialized JSON data with equivalent to diagram model object has been implemented.
* Support to disable expand/collapse of the palette header has been implemented.
* Support to get the cause for the events has been implemented.
* Support to arrange the layout within any custom bounds and align the layout has been implemented.
* Option to preserve aspect ratio for image node and SVG background Image has been implemented. 
* Support to prevent runtime interaction for nodes and connectors has been implemented.

### Breaking changes
{:#diagram-breaking-changes}

* Lanes and its children will be no more be added in diagram model's nodes collection and you can get the lanes from swimlane object.
* The data type of `BackgroundImage` property is changed as `object`. Use `BackgroundImage.Source` to set image path.
* `NodeConstraints.PointerEvents` is added to `NodeConstraints.Default`. It should be added to enable interaction. When you load a diagrams that is saved in old version, use `diagram.upgrade()` to update data in serialized format.
* `MarginX` and `MarginY` properties of `Layout` are depreciated. Instead, use `Margin.Left` and `Margin.Top`.


## DocIO

### Features
{:#docio-features} 
* \#144293 - Support for Alternate chunk contents in Word document to PDF conversion has been added.
* \#150946 - Support to notify if any unsupported elements encountered during Word document to PDF conversion has been added.
* Added support to create and manipulate Character Style in Word document.

### Bug Fixes
{:#docio-bug-fixes}
* \#148757 - List restart numbering is now preserved properly in the generated DOCX document.
* \#148656 - Font properties preservation issue while converting HTML to Word document has been fixed.
* \#149126 - Hyperlink is now preserved properly while opening RTF document.
* \#149172 - Header and Footer is now preserved properly while converting Word document to HTML.
* \#149314 - Argument out of range exception is no longer thrown while saving the Word document.
* \#150546 - MergeField event is now triggered properly while Mail merging.
* \#148551, \#151550, \#151174, \#153104 - Null reference exception is no longer thrown while converting Word document to PDF.
* \#150145 - No duplicate entry of heading text is added to the updated Table of Contents. 
* \#150567, \#151499 - Hyperlink preservation issue while converting Word document to PDF has been fixed.
* \#148882, \#149223, \#149320, \#152738 - Word documents with huge content are now converted to PDF without hang in a reasonable time.
* \#149496 - Word document layout options are now preserved properly in the generated DOCX document.
* \#149192 - Table border is now preserved properly while converting HTML to Word document.
* \#151035, \#151119 - Argument exception (An item with the same key has already been added) is no longer thrown while Mail merging.
* \#149697 - Chart preservation issue while converting a particular Word document to PDF has been fixed.
* \#150727 - Paragraph border line width preservation issue while converting a particular Word document to HTML and vice versa has been fixed.
* \#150727, \#149592 - Custom tab stop preservation issue while converting a particular Word document to HTML and vice versa has been fixed.
* \#149974 - Image cropping issue with Metafile images has been resolved while converting a Word document to PDF.
* \#150727 - `BeforeSpacing` and `AfterSpacing` properties of paragraph formats are now preserved properly while converting a particular HTML file into Word document.
* \#150353, \#150253 - Table cell width preservation issue while converting a particular Word document to PDF has been fixed.
* \#149643, \#150727 - Table cell width Preservation issue while converting a particular Word document to HTML has been fixed.
* \#152897 - Number format preservation issue while updating DOCVARIABLE field had been fixed.
* \#152965 - Argument out of range exception is no longer thrown while executing Mail merge.
* \#150209 - Image overlapping issue has been resolved while converting a particular Word document to HTML.
* \#151476 - Argument out of range exception is no longer thrown while opening a particular Word document.
* \#151329 - Justify alignment preservation issue while converting a particular Word document to PDF has been fixed.
* \#152818 - Image preservation issue while converting a particular Word document to PDF has been fixed.
* \#149592 - Text superscript and subscript preservation issue while converting a particular Word document to HTML and vice versa has been fixed.
* No extra empty paragraph is preserved now at the end of Word document.
* Object reference exception is no longer thrown while converting RTF to Word document.
* Argument exception (An item with the same key has already been added) is no longer thrown while opening the Word document with duplicate list styles.
* Argument exception (An item with the same key has already been added) is no longer thrown while opening the Word document with duplicate character styles.
* `TextBefore` and `TextAfter` properties of merge fields are now preserved properly.
## DropDownList


### Features
{:#dropdownlist-features}

* \#142640 - Improved the performance of DropDownList much better on loading 50000 list items.  
 
### Breaking Changes
{:#dropdownlist-breakingchanges}

* Functionalities of input and hidden input in DropDownList have been swapped. It will not raise any issues until we process directly the DOM element. 
* Reduced the unnecessary DOM elements related to checkbox when showCheckbox enabled
* errorClass, errorPlacement, ignore, errorElement should be defined in application level when jQuery validation property is enabled.
* Leading and trailing spaces not trimmed in DropDownList items. 


### Bug fixes
{:#dropdownlist-bug-fixes}

* \#149809 - Circular reference error on binding DataTable with DataSourceCachingMode is fixed
## FileExplorer

### Features
{:#fileexplorer-features}

* \#141707, \#147094, \#149877 - Now the FileExplorer has methods to assign permissions or access rights to specific users or groups of users.


## Gantt

### Features
{:#ejgantt-features}

* Now performance has been improved while rendering large data with multiple predecessors for each tasks in Gantt.
* \#154812 – Now the placeholder text in the search text box in Gantt will be hidden on mouse click instead of key press event.
* \#152733 – Now Gantt can be displayed in read-only mode by enabling `readOnly` property
* \#146694 – Now it is possible to reorder the Gantt rows by enabling `allowDragAndDrop` property.

### Bug fixes
{:#ejgantt-bug-fixes}

* \#150657 – Now Gantt can be displayed without using `childMapping` property with self-referential datasource.
## Grid

### Bug Fixes
{:#grid-bug-fixes} 

* \#150899 - Script error will not throws while using `Type` as date and `Format` is not defined in Grid columns.
* \#150613 - Exporting Grid to Word is working fine, when `IsHiddenColumnInclude` property is set as true.
* \#152924,#123222 - Pager Information is displayed in the grid when binding the dataSource using dataSource method with allowPaging as false.
* \#153011 - While exporting with more than one value filtered in excel filtering, it shows no records to display.

### Breaking Changes
{:#grid-breaking-changes}

* In Grid, the properties TemplateID and IsUnbound has been deprecated.
* In Grid, when set the StackedHeaderRows API the ShowStackedHeader API will be now set to true by default .
* In Grid, the property `EnableDropAreaAnimation` of `GroupSettings` has been deprecated.
* In Grid, now the empty row will be prevented from saving and internal validation message will be thrown.While save a record it must have value in any one of the field.
* In Grid, the dataSource for the Grid column should not be specified through ForeignKeyAdaptor.

### Features
{:#grid-features}

* \#130700,\#130773,\#132273,\#133992,\#140814,\#142819,\#142862,\#146071,\#146303,\#146876,\#147248,\#150869,\#151306,\#153692 -Drag and drop grid rows.
* \#128602,\#134342,\#136143,\#151027,\#151374,\#153441 -Multiple Records deleted in Grid.
* \#139450 - Need support to use excel and menu filter in same Grid.

## GroupButton

### Features
 {:#ejgroupbutton-features}

* \#153860 - Now the GroupButton 'Items' API has the option to add the URL field to the corresponding button.

* \#153847 - Provided the 'DataSource' support to the GroupButton control

## Maps

#### Bug Fixes
{:#maps-bug-fixes}

 * \#150606 - Map is not rendering for non-coordinate points issue has been fixed.

## NumericTextbox

### Bug Fixes
{:#numerictextbox-bug-fixes}

* \#153885 - In NumericTextbox, IncrementStep API is now accepts the decimal type value also.

## PDF

### Features
{:#pdf-features} 

* Support for built-in styles in `PdfLightTable` and `PdfGrid` has been added.
* Support for flattening annotations has been added.
* Support for GS1-128 barcode has been added.
* Support for adding and editing named destinations has been added.
* Support for X509 key storage flags has been added while adding digital signature in the PDF document.
* Time stamping in digital signatures has now been improved.
* Library has now been optimized for handling very large documents.

### Bug Fixes
{:#pdf-bug-fixes} 

* \#131177 - Annotation is now properly preserved while importing pages from loaded document.
* \#150932 - Exception is not thrown anymore while performing OCR in PDF documents.
* \#150635 - Exception is not thrown anymore when loading a particular PDF document.
* \#149974 - Header is now preserved as expected when converting EMF to PDF.
* \#149811 - Opacity values of annotations are now properly read from existing documents.
* \#149841 - Multiple items can now be selected when using `PdfLoadedListBoxField`.
* \#149641 - Exception is not thrown anymore while importing existing document pages.
* \#149735 - Exception is not thrown anymore when filling the form fields.
* \#149683 - PDF documents are not corrupted anymore after performing OCR.
* \#149367 - Location is now properly preserved when drawing the image in the specific PDF document.
* \#149295 - Read-only property of form fields can now be toggled as expected.
* \#149094 - Textbox font is now preserved as expected while flattening the PDF document.
* \#148808, \#150061 - Comb of characters are now preserved correctly when flattening the form fields.
* \#148514 - PDF document is not corrupted anymore when drawing string with particular TrueType font.
* \#147786 - `PdfLoadedComboBoxFiled` does not change to `PdfLoadedListBoxField` when resaving the PDF document.
* \#148326 - Exception is not thrown anymore when drawing the `PdfLightTable`.
* \#148112, \#149671 - Memory leak does not occur anymore when performing OCR in large PDF documents.
* \#146456 - OutOfMemoryException is not thrown anymore when performing OCR in the particular document.
* \#143809 - Black borders are no longer shown when setting the border width of form fields as zero.
* \#142878 - Exception is not thrown anymore while importing pages of loaded document.
* \#144523 - Text is now searchable after applying OCR in the particular PDF document.
* \#142957 - Application does not hang anymore while drawing text using `PdfTextElement`.

* \#143869 - PDF syntax error no longer occurs after performing OCR in the PDF document.
* \#143767 - Image is now properly preserved during Word to PDF conversion.
* \#143205 - Images are replaced properly in the particular PDF document.
* \#143209, \#144199 - Text is properly displayed when converting XPS to PDF.
* \#140266 - Double quotes are not changed to question mark anymore when flattening form fields.
* \#144761 - Application no longer hangs when generating PDF in multi-threaded environment. 
* \#149691 - STA thread handling is properly done in `HTMLConverter` class.
* Line annotation is properly parsed from existing PDF documents.
* Text is no longer misplaced when drawing the `PdfGrid`.
* Table height is changed as expected when drawing the `PdfGrid`.
* Text overlapping does not occur while converting HTML to PDF.
* File size is reduced as expected after replacing with low quality images.
# PDF Viewer

## Introduction
{:#pdfviewer-introduction}

PDF Viewer for ASP.NET is a visualization component to view and print PDF documents. It is powered by HTML5/JavaScript and provides various control customizations.

### Features 
{:#pdfviewer-features}

* Ability to load document with thousands of pages instantly.
* Virtualization holds only the minimal pages at runtime for reducing memory consumption.
* Compatible with all the modern browsers with HTML5/CSS3/JavaScript support.
* In-built printing tools provides enhanced printing experience and allows user to print customized range of pages of the PDF document.

Please refer the live [demo](http://asp.syncfusion.com/demos/web/pdfviewer/default.aspx)
## PivotGrid

### Features
{:#pivotgrid-features}

* \#134761, \#136150, \#143465, \#144084, \#145469, \#146823, \#146975, \#150139 - Provided support for PivotGrid with OLAP data source completely on client mode.
* \#149646 - Provided write-back support for PivotGrid with OLAP data at server mode.
* \#150037, \#150595, \#147387 - Number format support for relational data source on client mode has been done.
* Excel exporting of PivotGrid containing both OLAP and relational data source at client mode has been done.
* Provided Grouping Bar support for OLAP data source on server mode.
* State persistence in PivotGrid for relational data source has been done.

### Bug fixes
{:#pivotgrid-bug-fixes}

* \#149983 – PivotGrid (client side) is not rendered for some relational data sources has been fixed.


## Predictive Analytics

### Features
{:#predictive-analytics-features}

* Added experimental support for PMML files generated by SAS for the following models:

* Association Rules
* Clustering model
* Neural network model
* Regression model
* Tree model

* Added support to provide input data as “ExpandoObject” and “Dictionary” object in GetResult() method.

* Added support to provide input PMML file as “TextReader” object for PMML Evaluator.

* Added support to perform PMML Schema validation on input PMML.

* Tree model result returns “Predicted node” and “path” ID with predicted result.

* Association rules model result returns “Confidence” value.

## Presentation

### Features
{:#presentation-features}
* Added support for creating and modifying notes to slides in a PPTX file.

### Bug Fixes
{:#presentation-bug-fixes}
* \#149697 - Chart title font style, border thickness, chart size are now preserved properly in the converted PDF.
* \#149697 - Legend icon size is now preserved properly in the converted PDF.
* Not supported exception is no longer thrown while cloning a PPTX file with charts.
* Implemented the IDisposable interface for Presentation and PresentationToPdfConverter classes.
* File corruption issue while opening the generated PPTX file with SmartArt diagrams has been fixed.
* File corruption issue while opening the PPTX file generated by cloning and merging slides from another PPTX file with `Use Source Formatting` option has been fixed.
* Issue in setting `VerticalAlignment` property of Legend is now resolved.
* Issue in setting `Delimiter` property of chart `DataLabel` is now resolved.
* Issue in setting `Backward` and `Forward` properties of the `Trendline` is now resolved.
* Issue in setting `AutoFormat` and `IsAutoLineColor` properties for chart border is now resolved.
* Issue in setting `HasCustomShadowStyle` property is now resolved.
* Issue in setting `Angle`, `Blur` and `Distance` properties of `Shadow` is now resolved.
* Issue in setting `ReversePlotOrder` property of chart axis is now resolved.
* Issue in setting `InnerPreset` property for `InsideDiagonalTopLeft` is now resolved
* Transparency is now preserved properly while setting shadow for a chart.
* Shadow color of the chart is now preserved properly while opening and saving PPTX file.
* Bullet characters are now preserved properly while converting PPTX to PDF.
* Slide background color is now preserved properly while converting PPTX to PDF.
## RangeNavigator

### Bug Fixes
{:#rangenavigator-bug-fixes}

* \#153709 - `rangeChanged` event is now triggering properly.
* \#151307 - Start and end value of the selected range is now working properly, when setting `AllowSnapping` to false. 


### Features
{:#rangenavigator-features}

* Provided re-sizable scrollbar support for range navigator.
* Provided support for highlight and selection for ranges. 

### Breaking Changes
{:#rangenavigator-breaking-changes}

* Default value of `IntervalType` property for higher level labels has been changed to auto from years.
* Default value of `IntervalType` property for lower level labels has been changed to auto from months.
## ReportViewer

### Features
{:#reportviewer-features}

* \#149631 - Provided support to silent print for rendered reports.

### Bug Fixes
{:#reportviewer-bug-fixes}

* \#151533 - Now, filtering working properly for Chart category.
* \#150775 - Data sorting working properly for similar field values.
* \#151615 - Hidden Parameter values are displayed properly while modifying the dependent parameters.
* \#151484 - Complex sum expression returns proper values for float data type.
* \#149737 - The content overlapping with page margin in print layout has been resolved for chrome browser.
* \#148598 - Timespan values are formatted to the given date time format.
* \#149573 - Now, images can be viewed while printing the report in chrome browser.
* \#149199 - The browser styles problem while rendering the report has been cleared.
* \#148598 - The CountRows expression working properly with dataset scope parameter.
* \#148367 - The Drilldown spanning issue has been resolved for adjacent groups.
* \#153576 - Now, code modules works with external assemblies.  
* \#148168 - Now, images are positioned properly for nested Tablix in print layout.

## Ribbon

### Bug fixes
{:#ribbon-bug-fixes}

* \#152856 - Provided `removeTabGroup` method for removing Tab Groups.

## RichTextEditor

### Features 
{:#richtexteditor-features}

* Provided support to customize the Ordered List and Unordered List styles with list of default options or a user defined options.
* Provided support to resize the table and its columns and rows individually.
* Provided support to zoom and print the RTE contents.
* Provided support to find and replace the text in RTE editor.
* Provided context menu support which displays default menu options based on HTML elements and to customize the menu options.
* Enhanced keyboard interaction support is provided for all Toolbar commands like Lowercase, Uppercase, Strike, Superscript, Subscript, and Insert Image to the content, Insert Video to the content, etc.
* Provided jQuery form validation support in RTE.

### Bug fixes
{:#richtexteditor-bug-fixes}

* \#150399 - On importing word file to RTE , no additional line-breaks/spaces are added to the content now
## Schedule

### Features
{:#schedule-features}

* The `QueryCellInfo` event has been introduced to customize almost all the sub-elements of the Scheduler.

* Scheduler can be now defined with different working hours and working days for each and every resources.

* Recurrence Editor has been now defined as a new sub-widget with entire recurrence related information, so as to support the custom appointment window with complete recurrence options and also to be used as a separate widget.

* Appointment resizing and dragging functionality has been enhanced with the preview of corresponding live time update over the appointments.

* The Month view in Scheduler can now be able to show/hide the previous/next month dates.

### Bug Fixes
{:#schedule-bug-fixes} 

* \#149296 - Schedule is rendering fine, when we define only the clientId property in sample side.
* \#150560 - All the appointments in Schedule are exported in PDF correctly.
* \#150560 - Appointments are displaying correctly, while exporting the schedule in PDF.
* \#151113 - The problem with server-side event OnServerBeforeAppointmentChange not receiving resource Id in its argument list has been fixed.
## Spreadsheet

### Features
{:#spreadsheet-features}

* The ASP.NET Spreadsheet control provides Microsoft Excel-like spreadsheet component for the web. It provides an editing experience that is very similar to that of Excel, and is able to import and export Excel workbook files.
## TreeGrid

### Bug fixes
{:#ejtreegrid-bug-fixes}

* \#154122 - Now the expanded state of a parent row will be maintained on resizing browser window, when both `EnableVirtualization` and `EnableCollapseAll` properties are enabled.

## XlsIO

### Features
{:#xlsio-features}

* \#112832 - Controlled styles duplication while copying.
* \#112832 - Removed unused styles from workbook.
* \#141981 - Provided support to convert TSV to Excel and vice versa.

### Bug fixes
{:#xlsio-bug-fixes}

* \#148923 - `ActiveSheet.Select` property selects the proper sheet now.
* \#148566 - Overflow exception thrown when form's offset exceeds `Int32.MaxValue` is resolved.
* \#151608 - File corruption issue while creating pivot table with duplicate column names is fixed.
* \#149398 - `MissingManifestResourceException` thrown while opening an Excel file is fixed.
* \#149334 - List validation is updated properly while inserting column in Excel 97-2003 file.
* \#150945 - Argument out of range exception is no longer thrown while converting an Excel file with pivot table.
* \#147676 - Parameter invalid exception is no longer thrown while saving image in workbook.
* \#151492 - Shape's left and top positions changed while setting `ColumnWidth` property is fixed.
* \#153332 - `PivotOption16` chart element is preserved now.
* \#149568 - Opening a workbook in XlsIO will no longer take long time.
* \#149370 - Text outside of merged cell is no longer displayed after Excel to PDF conversion.
* \#150169 - File corruption issue if the cell contains NaN is fixed.
* \#143201 - Null reference exception is no longer thrown while resaving merged workbooks with Conditional Formats and Tables.
* \#150100 - ArgumentNullException is no longer thrown when empty password is given for an unprotected workbook.
* \#150712 - Exception is no longer thrown while parsing a formula which contains single quote.
* \#149405, \#152732, \#153311 - File with an image is no longer corrupted when opening the file in Excel 2007.
* \#149074 - Font record of legend is preserved properly while resaving an Excel 97-2003 file.
* \#148576 - AutoFitRows works properly when sheet contains chart.
* \#147141 - Column chart's color is no longer different from Microsoft Excel while saving as image.
* \#149884 - Content and chart preservation issue in Excel to PDF conversion is fixed.
* \#146240 - Line missed in PDF conversion is fixed.
* \#148028 - Rendering raw rich text markup to cell is resolved.
* \#147880 - Formatting error is no longer thrown while resaving an Excel file in *.XLS format.
* \#147447 - Chart gridline with gradient colors is preserved while resaving an Excel 97-2003 file.
* \#150311 - Custom date is detected while exporting CSV file into DataTable.
* \#121597, \#149385 - ColumnWidth is no longer incorrect in *.XLSM file.
* \#144703 - Deleting columns with conditional formats is properly removed.
* \#151231 - Null reference exception is no longer thrown while opening a particular Excel file which contains chart with data points.
* \#153378 - Comma missed in `DisplayText` is fixed.
* \#153378, \#153507 - Format is no longer changed to currency after applying long date or time and editing the cell's number format.
* \#148557 - Conditional format address is updated properly.
* \#141357 - FormatException is no longer thrown when converting an Excel file to PDF.
