---
title       : Essential Studio for ASP.NET 2016 Volume 4 Service Pack 1 Release Notes
description : Essential Studio for ASP.NET 2016 Volume 4 Service Pack 1 Release Notes
platform    : aspnet
---

# Essential Studio for ASP.NET Release Notes

{% include release-info.html date=site.releasedate.2016_vol_4_sp1 version=site.version.2016_vol_4_sp1 %} 





## Chart

### Bug Fixes
{:#chart-bug-fixes} 
 
* \#167590 - [`Type`](https://help.syncfusion.com/api/js/ejchart#members:exportsettings-type) property in export settings is getting serialized.
* \#167748 - Tooltip [`template`](https://help.syncfusion.com/api/js/ejchart#members:series-tooltip-template) will not flicker when its content overflow the chart area.

## CircularGauge

### Bug Fixes
{:#circulargauge-bug-fixes}


* \#167727 - Gradient color for ranges and pointers is working fine.
## DocIO

### Bug Fixes
{:#DocIO-bug-fixes}

* \#165843 - List number preservation issue has been resolved while importing a particular Word document.
* \#167934 - `TextFormField` is now preserved properly while replacing a bookmark contents.
* \#168028 - IndexOutOfRangeException will no longer thrown while opening a particular DOCX format document.
* \#167568, \#167582 - NullReferenceException will no longer thrown while opening a particular DOCX format document.
* \#167600 - ArgumentException will no longer thrown while opening a particular DOCX format document.
* \#167568 - File is no longer corrupted while resaving a particular DOCX format document.
* \#166885 - StackOverflowException will no longer thrown while updating document fields for a particular Word document.
* \#167189 - IndexOutofRangeException will no longer thrown while retrieving the bookmark content.
* \#167794, \#167934 - NullReferenceException will no longer thrown while replacing the bookmark contents.
* \#167798 - Frame preservation issue has been resolved while converting a particular DOC format document as PDF.
* \#167333 - Before spacing preservation issue has been resolved while converting a particular Word document as PDF.
* \#167138, \#167831 - No longer hangs while updating table of contents for a particular Word document.
* \#167333 - Textbox is now preserved properly while converting a particular Word document as PDF.
* \#166995 - Highlight color is now preserved properly for the justify aligned paragraph in Word to PDF conversion.
* \#167448 - NullReferenceException will no longer thrown while converting a particular Word document as PDF.
* \#167194 - Row splitting issue has been resolved while converting a particular Word document as PDF. 
* \#167838 - Table indent preservation issue has been resolved while converting a particular RTF format document as PDF.
* \#167805 - Text splitting issue has been resolved while converting a particular Word document as PDF.
* \#168028 - Page number is now preserved properly while updating table of contents for a particular Word document.
* \#167888 - Column break preservation issue has been resolved while converting a particular Word document as PDF. 
* \#167559 - No longer hangs while converting a particular Word document as PDF.
* \#167585 - Text splitting issue has been resolved while converting a particular Word document as PDF.
## Grid

### Bug Fixes
{:#grid-bug-fixes}

* \#167497 -  The `GroupCaptionFormat` is not working properly based on its culture when exporting grid data's.
* \#167811-  The Grid `Toolbar` is not rendered properly when render the Grid through Embedded Resource.


## GroupButton

### Bug Fixes
{:#groupbutton-bug-fixes}

* \#167326 -  Now server side model updated properly in post-back event of GroupButton.

## PDF

### Features
{:#pdf-features}

* \#164992- Added support for rendering HTML content directly without the usage of 'PdfTemplate'.


### Bug Fixes
{:#pdf-bug-fixes} 

* \'PdfGrid' cells are now preserved properly based on the column span.
* \#166940- NullReferenceException is no longer be thrown while drawing text to the particular PDF document.
* \#168422- ArgumentOutOfRangeException is no longer thrown while drawing text in particular 'PdfLoadedDocument' instance.
* \# 165345, 168250- Form field values has been preserved properly while filling with large text. 
* \#168281- Syntax issue is no longer thrown in preflight with the particular PDF document created. 
* \#167608- Text is now preserved properly when flattening the form fields. 
* \#168228- Text positions are now properly preserved when flattening the form fields. 
* \#167014- ArgumentOutOfRangeException is no longer thrown while flattening the PDF form fields. 
* \#168225- Bookmark destination is now preserved properly while loading the PDF document.
* \#166308- Texts are now preserved properly while drawing using MS Mincho font.
* \#166940- Exception no longer occurs while drawing text to the particular PDF document. 
* \#166947- Images are now loaded properly while converting from HTML to PDF using IE rendering engine. 
* \#167965- Syntax issue is no longer thrown in preflight with the concurrently OCRed PDF document. 
* \#167798- AccessViolationException is no longer thrown when converting from EMF to PDF. 
* \#168341, 164992- File size of the PDF is reduced when converting from HTML to PDF. 
* \#167333- Picture border is now preserved properly while converting from EMF to PDF. 
* \#151048- Text positions are now properly preserved when converting from EMF to PDF. 
* \#167263- PDF document will be no longer corrupted while converting from XPS to PDF more than once.
* \#167933- Text content is no longer clipped while converting from XPS document to PDF.


## PDF Viewer

### Bug Fixes
{:#pdfviewer-bug-fixes}

* \#165666 - Text elements are rendering properly while exporting the PDF document pages as images.
* \#166120 - Images are rendering properly in a PDF document.
* \#168409 - Horizontal scroll bar will be disabled whenever the width of the PDF document page is smaller than the width of the PDF viewer control.
* \#165087 - Form field textbox borders are aligned properly on loading the PDF document in PDF viewer control.
* \#168244 - Memory consumption has been optimized while loading the PDF document as stream in PDF viewer control.

## Predictive Analytics

### Features
{:#predictive-analytics-features}

* \#167299 - Added support to provide `localization` information using `CultureInfo` property in the `PMMLEvaluator` class.
## Presentation

### Features
{:#presentation-features}
* \#166068 - Added support to modify the .PPTM, .POTX and .POTM file formats.

### Breaking Changes
{:#presentation-breaking-changes}
* \#167997 - The property `InvertIfNegative` is now added into `IOfficeChartSerie` interface.

### Bug Fixes
{:#presentation-bug-fixes}
* \#168870 - Bubble size is now updated properly in charts while creating the PowerPoint presentation.
* \#168663 - Invalid cast exception will be no longer thrown while converting the PowerPoint slides having charts to images.
* \#168101 - Data range will be now updated properly while adding data to an existing chart in a PowerPoint presentation.
* \#168581 - Null reference exception will be no longer thrown while converting PowerPoint slides with tables to images.
* \#167554 - Null reference exception will be no longer thrown while converting a particular PowerPoint presentation as PDF document.
* \#167717 - The application will no longer become unresponsive while opening a particular PowerPoint presentation with tables.
## ReportViewer

### Features
{:#reportviewer-features}

* \#168197 – Provided the DataSource Credential option for SubReport in WebAPI Controller.

### Bug Fixes	
{:#reportviewer-bug-fixes}

* \#168157 - Resolved the exception, when we use two radial pointers in Gauge report item with IIF expression.
* \#168154 - Now, the DataBar and Sparkline charts are working fine when exported to PDF.
* \#167813 - Now, the background color is displayed properly in print preview window.
* \#163906 - Now, the chart series color is applied properly when custom palette color is used.

## Spreadsheet

### Bug fixes
{:#spreadsheet-bug-fixes}

* \#167915 - Provided event handler for export in Spreadsheet.
* \#168688 - Provided event for sheet rename and move sheet.
* \#168343 - Provided options to prevent alert dialogs.
* \#167734 - Provided undo redo support for custom operations.
* \#167734 - Provided event for refresh Spreadsheet.
* \#167077 - Provided options for getting chart ID.
* \#166544 - Provided support to drag fill formula for absolute and mixed cell references.
* \#169056 - Provided API for getting cell address in Spreadsheet.
## Tab

### Bug Fixes
{:#tab-bug-fixes}
 
* \#166539, \#168009 - Issue with ej-templated controls content component not rendered inside updatepanel during postback has been fixed.

## Textboxes

### Bug Fixes
{:#textboxes-bug-fixes}

* \#168852- In ASP.NET, updated the “HtmlAttributes” of EJ Textbox control.
## UploadBox

### Bug Fixes
{:#uploadbox-bug-fixes}
 
* \#168835, \#168766 - Issue with Uploadbox MultipleFilesSelection(false) allows multiple files to upload has been fixed.



## XlsIO

### Bug fixes
{:#xlsio-bug-fixes}

* \#166572 - Issues with RTF text in Korean culture is fixed.
* \#166760 - Exception while parsing pivot cache definition is no longer thrown.
* \#166820 - Exception while parsing conditional formats with invalid formula is no longer thrown.
* \#167141 - File corruption issue while resaving a workbook with improper attribute has been fixed.
* \#167392 - Exception is no longer thrown while parsing Excel document with dialog sheets.
* \#167478 - Exception is no longer thrown while assigning value in Russian culture.
* \#167592 - Creation of duplicate cell value while assigning value to a single cell has been fixed.
* \#167735 - Corruption issue with shapes having multiple `=` characters is fixed.
* \#167754 - Moving ranges will also move comment shapes to proper location.
* \#167812 - Parse exception is no longer thrown while resaving Excel document with invalid named ranges in conditional formats.
* \#167857 - Not a legal OleAut date exception is no longer thrown while accessing display text with switching arguments in different cultures.
* \#167940 - Exception is no longer thrown while measuring size of an empty string in a cell. 
* \#168768 - Argument exception is no longer thrown while invoking `EnableSheetCalculations` twice.
* \#168440 - Color issue in data points while converting 3D charts into image has been fixed.
* \#167944, \#167945 - Exception is no longer thrown while parsing a binary Excel document with invalid extended format index.
* \#168804 - Argument null exception is no longer thrown while applying template markers in different cultures.
* \#167941 - Format exception is no longer thrown while converting Excel document into PDF in Russian culture.
* \#167944 - Argument out of range exception is no longer thrown while converting an empty Excel worksheet into PDF.
* \#168660 - Null reference exception is no longer thrown while converting Excel document with pivot table into PDF.
* \#169183 - Scatter chart axis is properly rendered in Excel chart to image conversion.
* \#169104 - Trendline is properly rendered in Excel chart to image conversion.
* \#167942 - Exception is no longer thrown while accessing invalid header and footer string in Excel to PDF conversion.
* \#167938 - Index out of range exception is no longer thrown while accessing a row beyond the row limit in Excel to PDF conversion.
* \#167936 - Exception is no longer thrown while converting an Excel document with unknown named range into PDF.       

