---
title       : Essential Studio for ASP.NET 2017 Volume 4 Release Notes
description : Essential Studio for ASP.NET 2017 Volume 4 Release Notes
platform    : aspnet
---

# Essential Studio for ASP.NET Release Notes

{% include release-info.html date=site.releasedate.2017_vol_4 version=site.version.2017_vol_4 %} 





## Common

### Features
{:#common-features}

* Essential Studio for JavaScript components are now compatible with the latest version of jQuery 3.2.1

### Bug Fixes 
{:#common-bug-fixes}

* \#188250 - String values are now converted to Double values based on system language.
## Autocomplete

### Features
{:#autocomplete-features}

* Provided search indices support for multicolumn pop-up, display format and search fields in the multicolumn autocomplete control can now be differentiated.

## Chart

### Features
{:#ejchart-features}

* \#163192, \#168324, \#177512 - Provided support for splitting the axis labels text and rendering it in multiple lines.
* Provided automatic label format support, based on the interval type for dateTime and dateTime category axis.
* Provided support for placing the data labels inside the chart area, if it exceeds.

### Bug fixes
{:#chart-bug-fixes}

* \#184269 - 100% Stacking Column series type is rendering properly, when value **cylinder** is specified to [`ColumnFacet`](https://help.syncfusion.com/api/js/ejchart#members:series-columnfacet) property.

## ComboBox `preview`

The ComboBox component allows the user to type a value or choose an option from the list of predefined options. When an arrow icon accompanied with this component is pressed, the dropdown displays a list of values, from which the user can select one.

### Features
{:#combobox-features}

* Data binding - Allows binding and accessing the list of items from local or server-side data source.
* Grouping - Supports grouping of logically related items under a single or specific category.
* Sorting - Supports sorting of list items in an alphabetical order (either ascending or descending).
* Filtering - Allows filtering of list items based on a character typed in the component.
* Templates - Allows customizing the list items, selected value, header, footer,category group header, and no records content.
* Accessibility - Provided with built-in accessibility support that helps to access all the ComboBox component features through the keyboard, screen readers, or other assistive technology devices.
## DataManager

### Features
{:#datamanager-features}

* #182124, #185678, #182077 - Feature that provides IN and NotIN filter operations for specifying multiple values in a WHERE filter.

* #173861, #172869, #128852 - The anti-forgery token can be used to help protect the application against cross-site request forgery. It Generates a hidden form field (anti-forgery token) that is validated when the form is submitted

### Bug Fixes	
{:#datamanager-bug-fixes}

* \#186827 - Server side events in Grid control does not thrown any exception now.
## Diagram

### Features

* \#186185 - Support to define the maximum/minimum zoom level in the diagram control is added.
* \#130997 – Support to define the margin and alignment support for UserHandles  is added.
* \#150330, #176675 – Support to drag the port is added.
* \#143026, #146924, #160528 ,#161496, #127341 - Support to define the bi-directional connection in the hierarchical layout is added. 
* \#160398 - Support to drag the shape with label from symbol palette is added. 
* \#161866, #170911, #181495, #132746 - Support to reduce the size of an saved JSON data from diagram control is added.
* \#155435 - Support to disable the bridging for the connectors, when the bridging disabled connector overlaps the bridging enabled connectors is added.
* \#138994 - Interaction support for `labels` is added.  
## DocIO

### Features
{:#DocIO-features}

* \#80464, \#139556, \#176679 - Added line number support in Word to PDF conversion.
* \#179888, \#182242 - Added support to continue or restart list number while importing Word document.
* \#186097, \#179813 - Added support for list number types Kanji digit and Chinese counting thousand in Word to PDF conversion.
* \#189009 - Added `HTMLExportImageAsBase64` property in `SaveOptions` class to embed images within the exported HTML as base64 string.
* \#180312 - Added support to update multiple Table of contents in a Word document.

### Breaking Changes
{:#DocIO-breaking-changes}

* `WordDocument.Background.Type` property will not return the value `NoBackground`, if show background in print layout view option is disabled and valid background is defined. In this case make use of new property `WordDocument.Settings.DisplayBackgrounds` to check whether show background in print layout view option is enabled or disabled.
* \#186150 - `IsMaxCross` property is set to true and secondary axis is added to the right side of the chart, while adding new secondary chart axis. You can set the `IsMaxCross` property to false, to add secondary axis on the left side.
* The types `Diagonl_Up`, `Diagonl_Down`, `From_Corner` and `From_Center` of `OfficeGradientStyle` enumeration are now deprecated. The new types `DiagonalUp`, `DiagonalDown`, `FromCorner` and `FromCenter` are added to replace these deprecated types.
* The property `NumberSufix` of `WListLevel` class is now deprecated. The new property `NumberSuffix` is added to replace this deprecated property.

### Bug Fixes
{:#DocIO-bug-fixes}

* \#184513 - Formula fields are updated properly while calling UpdateDocumentFields() method.
* \#183656 - `NullReferenceException` will no longer thrown while closing a particular Word document.
* \#183819 - `NullReferenceException` will no longer thrown while setting WMergeField.FieldName property.
* \#184348 - `NullReferenceException` will no longer thrown while parsing a Word document which contains shapes.
* \#186310 - Paragraph is preserved properly while resaving a particular RTF document as DOC format document.
* \#187463 - `KeyNotFoundException` will no longer thrown while importing a particular Word document.
* \#184941 - Bulleted list is preserved properly while merging multiple documents.
* \#186150 - Document protection is preserved properly while resaving DOCX document to DOCX.
* \#184955 - The Word document is no longer corrupted while setting the DateTime value as chart data.
* \#188782 - `ActualFormatType` property will retrieve a proper value for all Word formats document.
* \#188160 - Shape is preserved properly while resaving a particular Word document.
* \#189107 -  No longer hangs while parsing a particular Word document.
* \#188296, \#188686 - Field results are updated properly while performing Mail merge in a particular Word document.
* \#189378 - `ArgumentOutOfRangeException` will no longer thrown while deleting a bookmark content from a particular Word document.
* \#183627 - Document background color is preserved properly while resaving a particular Word document.
* \#182050 - Page orientation is preserved properly while resaving a particular Word document.
* \#188048 - Tab preservation issue has been resolved while converting a particular Word document as HTML.
* \#187669 - `IndexOutOfRangeException` will no longer thrown while converting a particular Word document as HTML.
* \#176634, \#179293, \#184808, \#189056 -  Table grid’s column width is preserved properly while converting a particular HTML file to Word document.
* \#190219 - `NotSupportedException` will no longer thrown while opening a Word document which has an invalid OLE data path.
* \#186289 – Underlines is preserved properly while converting a particular Word document to Image.
* \#183778 - Table will no longer overlapped while converting a particular Word document as PDF.
* \#182958, \#184115, \#187877 - `NullReferenceException` will no longer thrown while converting a particular Word document as PDF.
* \#184228, \#182740 - `OutOfMemoryException` will no longer thrown while converting a particular Word document as PDF.
* \#183100 - Horizontal position of RTL text is preserved properly while converting a particular Word document as PDF.
* \#183007, \#184047 – No longer hangs while calling UpdateDocumentFields() method for a particular Word document.
* \#182382 - Text missing and page count issues has been resolved while converting a particular Word document as PDF.
* \#183879 - Table is now positioned properly while converting a particular Word document as PDF.
* \#182992 - `NullReferenceException` will no longer thrown while converting a Word document to PDF after calling UpdateDocumentFields() method.
* \#185358 - Text color is preserved properly in the text box while converting a particular Word document as PDF.
* \#186983 - Chart series is preserved properly in chart to image conversion.
* \#186982 - Image is preserved properly while converting a particular Word document as PDF in EnableFastRendering mode.
* \#182997 - Tab content is preserved properly while converting a particular Word document as PDF.
* \#186087, \#186252 - RTL text is inverted improperly while converting a particular Word document as PDF.
* \#186496 -  Word to PDF conversion no longer hangs when the Word document contains image inside a table.
* \#183778 - Word to PDF conversion no longer hangs when the Word documents contains a shape. 
* \#185121 - Hanging issue has been resolved while converting a particular Word document as PDF in 64-bit machine.
* \#186555 -  Word to PDF conversion no longer hangs when the Word document contains a table with vertically merged header row.
* \#187867, \#183038 - Word to PDF conversion no longer hangs when the Word document contains a floating item as a first element.
* \#185858 - List number is preserved properly while converting a particular Word document as PDF.
* \#185247 - RTL table cell is preserved properly while converting a particular Word document as PDF.
* \#184961 - Floating table is preserved properly while converting a particular Word document as PDF.
* \#183778 - Shape vertical position and empty space are preserved properly while converting a particular Word document as PDF.
* \#187877 - Images in heading are now included in table of contents while updating table of contents.
* \#185897 - Footnote is preserved properly while converting a particular Word document as PDF.
* \#188270 - TextBox text in footer is preserved properly while converting a particular Word document as PDF.
* \#188979 - NumPages field is updated properly while converting a particular Word document as PDF.
* \#186641 - TextBox vertical text in footer is preserved properly while converting a particular Word document as PDF.
* \#187456 – The generated PDF file size is now reduced for large size Word documents.
* \#188258 - Horizontal text is preserved properly while converting a particular Word document as PDF.
* \#189117 - Empty line preservation issue has been resolved while converting a particular Word document as PDF.
* \#180328 – Tabs are now preserved properly while converting a particular Word document to HTML.


## DropDownList

### Features

{:#dropdownlist-features}

* #182618,#183488,#169704,#183577- DropDownList now supports server side filtering. The server filtering is to perform filter action when text is typed in the search box and filtering will be done based on the collection which contains the matched item from entire data source. Server filtering will be done based on the entire items in data source.

## FileExplorer

### Features
{:#fileexplorer-features}

* Provided the feature for selecting the files using area selection (mouse drag-select event).

* \#187589 - Provided option to customize the file replace alert text.
* \#183000 - Improved FileExplorer performance while loading more than 1000 files.
* \#188124 - Provided “beforeUploadDialogOpen” event for customizing the upload dialog content of FileExplorer.

 
## Gantt

### Features
{:#gantt-features}
* \#130742, #135990, #137692, #139699, #138782, #154668, #155383, #163693, #169303, #170767, #173652, #180270, #188056 - The Gantt control now provides support for resource allocation view. Using this view user can able to interpret the tasks occurring on same dates, overallocation of resources in a project.
* \#180223, #184466, #190826 - Now it is possible to display tasks with serial/sequence number based on the row order.
* \#130217, #137691, #190718- Now it is possible to select multiple rows and perform indent and outdent actions.
* \#183277 - Now it is possible to the filter the fields or columns in Gantt using public method.
* The Gantt control now provides support for expanding and collapsing records at specific levels using public methods.
* \#185510 – Now the record dragged and dropped in the empty space below all the records will be added as the last record to the project.
* \#182758 – The Gantt control now provides support for changing week start day in month timescale mode.
* \#183565 – Now it is possible to format the font and other styles in PDF export.
* \#F131433 - New method has been implemented to change the `Id` field of the tasks. Now user can able to alter the task `Id` field with the key returned from SQL database when adding a new record, using this method.
* \#F132012, #185158 – Now the milestones in a project are positioned accordingly to the provided date and time values.
* \#185087 - Now the validation support has been provided for the predecessor values to ignore the incorrect entries.

### Bug Fixes
{:#gantt-bug-fixes}
* \#187014 - Issue with dependency line editing with predecessor validation in disabled state has been fixed.
* \#F132600 - Issue with date time calculation in task's end date with `day` duration unit has been fixed.
* \#188190 - Issue with invalid predecessor value at initial load has been fixed.
* \#185563 – Issue with baseline date value format in cell edit and dialog edit actions has been fixed.
* \#184781 - Issue with displaying predecessor tab in add/edit dialog in KnockoutJS has been fixed.
* \#184466 - Issue with resource collection update in edit dialog has been fixed.
* \#189625 – Now it is possible to provide resource ID in string data type to the Gantt tasks.
* \#187014 – The predecessor validation issues at initial load has been fixed.







## Grid


### Features
{:#grid-features}

*  \#181518 - Provided support to maintain the selected records at server side while using checkbox selection column.
*  The add current selection to filter check box is now displayed while filtering, allowing users to add the currently selected or cleared check box list data along with already-filtered data in the grid.
*  Added the between operator option in menu filter for filtering grid records based on the specified range.
*  Provided support to export the grid with the details template in Excel, PDF, and Word file formats.
*  Provided support to export the grid with template columns in Excel, PDF, and Word file formats.

### Bug Fixes
{:#grid-bug-fixes}

*  \#188775 - Word exporting works fine when exporting twelve columns which are bounded from DataTable.
*  \#188701 - Exporting works fine with `ShowGroupSummary` as false.
## Kanban

### Features
{:#kanban-features}

* \#161500, \#166915, \#174770, \#F128835 - The Kanban control now supports drag-and-drop operations between the Kanban board and other controls.
* \#179568, \#F131180 - Kanban empty columns can be rendered without binding a data source.

## PDF

### Bug Fixes
{:#pdf-bug-fixes} 

*	\#186604 - PDF document pages are no longer rotated, while merging a particular PDF document.
*	\#186765 - Unexpected token error is no longer occurs, while loading particular document.
*	\#185183 - The custom metadata added to PDF document is now displayed in custom window of PDF document properties.
*	\#182001 - Form fields are not duplicated when load and save the PDF document.
*	\#182438 - Named destinations are preserving properly while merging the particular PDF documents.
*	\#183859  - The size of the `Code128Barcode` is now preserved properly.
*	\#186261 - Background color will be preserving properly, while using `ToImage` in Barcode.
*	\#186233 - Stream was not readable exception will no longer thrown, while signing PDF document by using certificate as stream.
*	\#186884 - `IndexOutofRangeException` will no longer occur, while signing the particular PDF document.
*	\#185605 - Extra space will not be added in the bottom of the image, while converting HTML to Image using IE.
*	\#184245 - Output document is now preserving properly, when applying security to the loaded PDF document.
*	\#185884 - Empty page is not created, when merging particular PDF document.
*	\#185705, 183560 - Text is now preserving properly, when converting particular XPS document to PDF.
*	\#185722 - PDF document with Adobe flash is now merging properly.
*	\#185460 - Attachment collection is not empty, when loading a particular PDF document.
*	\#185098 - Exception no longer occurs when merging particular PDF document.
*	\#184712 - The document keywords are not duplicated when using commas along with keyword.
*	\#184488 - Null reference exception no longer occurs when signing existing PDF document.
*	\#183595 - `ArgumentOutOfRange` exception is no longer occurs when importing pages from a particular PDF document.
*	\#183375 - Exception will not be thrown when converting a particular XPS Document to PDF.
*	\#183112 - `PdfConformance` exception does not occur, when merging normal document with PDF conformance document.
*	\#182417 - Annotation are now removing properly from `PdfLoadedPage`.
*	\#188040 - Preservation issues will no longer occurs while drawing JPEG images.
*	\#189319 - Out of memory exception will no longer occurs while compressing existing PDF document.
*	\#188375 - Exception will no longer occurs while loading the particular XFA document.
*	\#187013 - PDF layers count is now retrieving properly while loading the existing PDF document.
*	\#188567 - The memory leak will no longer occurs while converting Word to PDF.
*	\#175611 – Annotation appearance will be preserved properly in Foxit and Bluebeam PDF viewers.
*	\#187909 - Exception no longer occur while loading particular PDF document.
*	\#189668 - Output document is no longer corrupted when converting HTML to PDF and then appending to another PDF.
*	\#189267 - "Font emSize should be greater than zero " exception is no longer thrown while accessing used font from `PdfLoadedDocument`.
*	\#189070 - Null reference exception is no longer thrown while accessing cell padding property from `PdfGridCellStyle`.
*	\#188258 - Text preservation issue no longer occurs when converting word document to PDF with PDFA1B conformance.
*	\#187868 - Non-breaking space is now preserving properly for custom font while converting HTML to PDF.
*	\#186097 - Chinese characters are now rendering properly when converting word document to PDF.
*	\#185556 - The text in the signature image of word document is now properly aligning when converted to PDF.
*	\#185589 - The text with custom font is now preserving properly when converting word to PDF.
*	\#184961 - The image symbols are now preserving properly when converting Word to PDF
*	\#188406 - PDF document is no longer corrupted while drawing specific JPEG image into PDF.
*	Child grid cell padding preservation issue is no longer occur in `PdfGrid`.
*	Annotation transparency is preserving properly when set opacity value as zero.
*	`PdfFormFields` are now preserving properly while creating in PDF document.
*	Bookmarks are now created properly for particular document.
*	Metadata property is now updating properly when changing document information in PDF document.
*	`TextMarkupColor` is now preserving properly in `PdfFreeTextAnnotation` when loading the particular PDF document.
*	The text in the PdfGrid is now aligning properly within the provided space.
*	Signature fields are not duplicating when loading and saving the signed PDF.
*	Form fields are not empty when loading and saving the PDF document.
*	`PdfPopupAnnotation` is preserving properly after flattening.
*	PDF documents are now compressing properly when using JBIG2 encoding.
*	Application crashing issue has been fixed, while performing OCR.
*	Tesseract engine has not been initialized exception will no longer thrown while performing OCR.
*	Preservation issues are no longer occurs, while compressing existing PDF documents.
*	PDF conformance is now preserving properly while converting Word to PDF.

### Features
{:#pdf-features}

*	\#182338 – `PdfHtmlTextElement` supported HTML string can be drawn to the `PdfGridCell` directly.
*	\#186261 – Added support for generating Data Matrix barcode as image to the desired size.
*	\#185022 – Added the support to change the tab order of the form fields.
## PDF Viewer

### Features
{:#pdfviewer-features}

* \#187487 - Provided support to enable/disable the context menu.
* \#187841 - The Unload API for the PDF viewer control are created on the server side to release the file handle from the IIS process.


### Bug Fixes
{:#pdfviewer-bug-fixes}

* \#183878 - The text box form fields now preserve multiline texts.
* \#184731 - The height of the viewer container is now updated properly when the toolbar is hidden.
* \#184731 - The serviceUrl property has been updated properly while setting it after control initialization.
* \#184325 - The color of the page content is now preserved when exporting it as image.
* \#185276, \#184952 - The contents of the PDF document will be rendered properly while exporting pages as an image.
* \#184731 - The height of the PDF viewer control will not be altered while resizing the PDF viewer container if the toolbar is in disabled state.
* \#188277 – Combo-box font size is now set properly.
* \#187404 - Print restriction is now working properly if we set the permission flag as Default along with owner password.
* \#189349 - The contents of the PDF document are now rendered properly.
* \#188500 - Text content and flattened line annotations are rendered properly.
* \#189489 - Copy context menu is now displayed on right clicking, if a single word is selected in IE/Edge browsers.
* \#189182 - Scrolling the page in ‘fit to page’ mode is now working properly when the container height is set to 500px.
* \#186005 - Horizontal scrollbar does not appear now when document is viewed in fit-page mode and the width of the container is greater than the height.
* \#187486 - Text selection is now maintained when clicking outside of the PDF viewer control.
* \#189240 - The table borders are rendered properly in the printed copy of the PDF document.
* \#188905 - PDF viewer control will not throw exceptions when the ASP button control is clicked in the view page.




## PivotChart

### Features
{:#pivotchart-features}

*  Paging support has been provided for Mondrian Server (OLAP – Client Mode).
*  Moving average support has been provided for PivotChart.

## PivotClient

### Features
{:#pivotclient-features}

*  Paging support has been provided for Mondrian Server (OLAP – Client Mode).
*  We can add reports holding different cubes in a same report collection.
*  Provide support for KPI element in Client Mode for OLAP data source.
*  Re-arranging Measure and KPI in desired order.
 
## PivotGrid

### Features
{:#pivotgrid-features}

*  Paging support has been provided for Mondrian Server (OLAP – Client Mode).
*  Paging support has been provided for Relational DB at server side.
*  Provide support for KPI element in Client Mode for OLAP data source.

## PivotTreeMap `Preview`

The PivotTreeMap control lets the user to visualize OLAP data in the form of nested nodes in hierarchical order with the ability to drill up and down.

### Features
{:#pivottreemap-features}

*  Support provided to render PivotTreeMap with row axis elements alone.
## Predictive Analytics

### Bug Fixes
{:#predictive-analytics-bug-fixes}

* \#187834- Resolved issues with "InlineTable" property in "MapValues" transformation.
* \#187928- Resolved issues with scoring procedure of expressions in PMML transformations.
* \#190249- Resolved issues with Multinomial Logistic Regression model scoring procedure.
## Presentation

### Features
{:#presentation-features}
* \#182254 - Added support to render picture bullets while converting the PowerPoint slide to image.
* \#182254 - Added support to render the image with color transformations (Black and white - 25%, 50% and 75%) while converting the PowerPoint slide to image.
* \#178015 - Added support to render the image with gray scale while converting the PowerPoint slide to image.

### Breaking Changes
{:#Presentation-breaking-changes}
* `IsMaxCross` property is set to true and secondary axis is added to the right side of the chart, while adding new secondary chart axis. You can set the `IsMaxCross` property to false, to add secondary axis on the left side.
* The types `Diagonl_Up`, `Diagonl_Down`, `From_Corner` and `From_Center` of `OfficeGradientStyle` enumeration are now deprecated. The new types `DiagonalUp`, `DiagonalDown`, `FromCorner` and `FromCenter` are added to replace these deprecated types.

### Bug Fixes
{:#presentation-bug-fixes}
* \#187206 - Data labels in the bubble chart is now added as expected while creating a chart in PowerPoint presentation.
* \#186544- Null reference exception is no longer thrown while creating a PowerPoint slide with `SmartArt` diagram.
* \#184264 - The PowerPoint presentation is no longer corrupted while setting the `DateTime` value as chart data.
* \#186100 - Guides are now preserved properly while creating a PowerPoint slide from an existing layout slide.
* \#186105 - Shape properties are now preserved properly while creating a PowerPoint slide from an existing layout slide.
* \#185808 - Null reference exception is no longer thrown while converting a PowerPoint slide to image.
* \#185262 - Deleted legends in the charts is no longer visible in the converted PDF.
* \#185808 - Numbered list is now preserved properly while converting a PowerPoint slide to image.
* \#186643 - Null reference exception is no longer thrown while converting a cloned PowerPoint slide to image.
* \#184456 - Background color of the text box will be preserved properly while converting the PowerPoint presentation to PDF.
* \#184967 - Argument out of range exception will not be thrown while cloning a PowerPoint slide with pie chart.
* \#182963 - `FontSize` property of `Font` class will now return the correct value.
* \#185237 - The shape name will be preserved like Microsoft PowerPoint, while creating new slide from an existing layout slide.
* \#185236 - The shapes in the footer will be preserved properly while creating new slide from an existing layout slide.
* \#188996 - Null reference exception will be no longer thrown while changing the slide background from `SolidFill` to `PictureFill`.
* \#188405 - Object disposed exception will be no longer thrown while saving the cloned PowerPoint presentations.
* \#188525 - Percentage symbols in the chart primary axis are now preserved properly while creating chart in PowerPoint slides.
* \#188081 - Now charts can be created using data from any worksheet of excel file in PowerPoint slides.
* \#188977 - Font color is now preserved properly in PowerPoint slides while retrieving it from the master slide.
* \#187656 - The font name and size are now preserved properly in PowerPoint slides while retrieving those from the master slide.

## ReportViewer

### Features

* \#187219 – Provided ejDialog option to handle exception in ReportViewer.

* \#187219 – Provided option to export the report as CSV document in ReportViewer.

### Bug Fixes    
{:#reportviewer-bug-fixes}

* \#178733 - Background color value issue is resolved for tablix cell.

* \#182040 - Resolved the multi-value parameter issue when the visibility is hidden.

* \#178733 - Now, the zooming functionality is working properly in Microsoft Edge browser.

* \#186200, #186136 - Resolved null reference exception for tooltip localization text.

* \#187042 - The `Today` expression evaluated properly in static expression.

* \#187219 - Resolved parameter block alignment issue in IE9.

* \#187273 - Now, allow null value specified for date parameter works properly when parameter layout is used.

* \#187273 - Image report item inside the rectangle renders properly.

* \#185398 - Resolved long text overlapping problem in tablix cell.

* \#189873 - Now, the filter expression specified in column group is working properly for tablix.

* \#185398 - Resolved top border issue for tablix in chrome browser.

## Ribbon

### Features
{:#ribbon-features}

* \#183492 - Improved the designer support for Ribbon component.

 
## SampleCreator

### Features
{:#samplecreator-features}

* \#187830 - Added URL Adapter sample in ASP.NET Sample Creator.
* Added Combo Box, File Explorer, Pivot Client samples in ASP.NET Sample Creator.

## Schedule

### Features
{:#schedule-features}

* \#148230, \#163522 - Custom view has been enhanced to display different set of continuous date ranges or specific date collection.
* \#138564, \#141079 - Support has been provided to export appointments to Excel format.

* \#185084 - Support provided to retain the scroll position, even after refreshing the entire layout.
* \#185976 - Support provided to auto-scroll the view when dragging an appointment to the edges.
* \#184777, \#162291 - Printing option has been enhanced to print the appointments with its background color.

### Bug fixes
{:#schedule-bug-fixes} 

* \#188024 - The control layout is rendering properly now in unobtrusive mode.

## Slider

### Features
{:#slider-features}

* Provided button support to increment and decrement the slider values.

 
## SpellCheck `preview`

 The SpellCheck control is used to find and highlight the misspell words. It shows all the possible suggestions either through dialog mode or context menu mode to correct the misspell words.

### Features

 * Highlights the error word based on the user customized style.
 * Ignores the alpha numeric, mixed case, upper case words and URL links.
 * Ignores the specific collection of words from the error word consideration using custom dictionary.
 * Displays the possible suggestions based on the user specified count.
 * Renders with optimal user interfaces for phone, tablet or desktop. 
 * Allows to check the spelling on one or more HTML elements such as div, span, textarea and input elements.
## Spreadsheet

### Features	
{:#spreadsheet-features}

* \#165067,\#168989,\#172008,\#180430,\#184577 - Provided support for cell styles customization.

* \#183747,\#186738 - Provided support for performance improvement for formulas calculation on importing.

* \#F128298 - Provided support for Building common JSON for both getExportProps and saveAsJSON method.

### Bug Fixes
{:#spreadsheet-bug-fixes}

* \#189113 - Provided support for select cells from another sheet while executing the formula.

* \#186209, \#180749 - Provided support for add custom colors for Conditional formatting.
## TextBoxes

### Features
{:#textboxes-features}

* \#182613 - We have provided the option to allow the decimal places without any limit.

## TreeGrid

### Features	
{:#treegrid-features}

* \#135716, #139356, #141370, #158816, #158983, #174614, #182323 - The TreeGrid control now provides support for stacked column headers.
* \#181052, #188618 - The TreeGrid control now provides support for context menu for column headers.
* \#176047, #181564, #182301, #186835 - The TreeGrid control now provides support for excel type filtering menu for filtering column values.
* \#175845, #181564 - Now it is possible to filter the TreeGrid contents using toolbar filtering.
* \#186199 – Performance has been improved for expanding and collapsing all the records in TreeGrid with paging enabled.
* \#183545 – Support for double click event on TreeGrid rows has been implemented. 
* \#183565 – Now it is possible to format the font and other styles in PDF export.


### Bug Fixes
{:#treegrid-bug-fixes}

* \#188814 – Issue with rendering tooltip for extra-long cell values in TreeGrid has been fixed.
* \#188711 – Now the console error will no longer occur when rendering TreeGrid with empty datasource along with text wrapping support enabled.
* \#178281,186670 - Issue with browser right click action on TreeGrid header has been fixed.
* \#186325 - Now the `pageSettings.totalRecordCount` property will return proper value with server data source
* \#187692 - Issue with removing the column template script element from `DOM`, once destroying the control has been fixed.
* \#187224 - Issue with multiple TreeGrid exporting in excel has been fixed.
* \#183625 - Now the drop positions insertAbove, insertBelow and insertAsChild while dragging a row will be available in the rowDrag event arguments.







## TreeView

### Features
{:#treeview-features}

* \#184008 – Provided nested object support in TreeView fields. That helps to map the complex data from data source.

### Breaking Changes
{:#treeview-breaking-changes}

* \#182105 - In previous, when we pass a single node with a parentID and target to addNode method, the node will append to the parentID’s node and currently node will append in to the target.
## XlsIO

### Features
{:#xlsio-features}

* \#146130, \#147141, \#155355, \#181688, \#182296 - Support for chart manual layout is provided in the image and PDF conversions.
* \#156296, \#F125729, \#185873, \#F57065 - Different odd and even page headers/footers, different first page headers/footers for worksheet and chart sheets are now supported in XlsIO.

### Breaking Changes
{:#xlsio-breaking-changes}

* \#185530, \#185561 - Exposed an API `Name` to get OLE object name in `IOleObject` class.
* The properties `EvenPage` and `FirstPage` of type `IPage` are added in `IPageSetup` class.
* The properties `LeftHeader`, `CenterHeader`, `RightHeader` , `LeftHeaderImage`, `CenterHeaderImage`, `RightHeaderImage` are added in `IPage` class to set text and images in the Even and First page headers/footers.

### Bug fixes
{:#xlsio-bug-fixes}

* \#F132160 - Support is provided to change header label while importing data.
* \#181134 - Performance issue in converting Excel document into PDF with conditional formats is fixed.
* \#182915 - Issue with borders being cleared while merging cells is fixed.
* \#183016 - Issue with cell text casing while setting number format is fixed.
* \#183332 - Issue with conditional format is not preserved which has formula as another worksheet range, is fixed.
* \#183361 - Marker color gets changed on resave is fixed.
* \#183369 - Exception is no longer thrown on assigning the scatter chart category axis properties.
* \#183445 - Exception is no longer thrown while inserting rows in XLS format file.
* \#183738 - Performance issue while opening Excel file with multiple charts is fixed.
* \#183799 - Issue while setting print title rows for binary files is fixed.
* \#183807 - `CopyTo()` method is not working properly after applying AutoFilters is fixed.
* \#184328 - Exception is no longer thrown while applying data validation through `ListOfValues` property.
* \#184407 - Index out of range exception is thrown while setting RTF text is resolved.
* \#184407 - Key not found exception is thrown while setting RTF text is resolved.
* \#184540 - Binary Excel file gets corrupted while copying range with conditional formats is fixed.
* \#184569 - Cell value with comma character is changed while saving in CSV format is fixed.
* \#184894 - Exception is no longer thrown while adding `IconSet` multiple times.
* \#185139 - Argument exception is no longer thrown while copying worksheet with EMF images.
* \#185527 - Application hanging issue while opening the Excel file with table is resolved.
* \#184160 - Issue with incorrect margin values on resave is fixed.
* \#184801 - Issue with incorrect currency format in Excel to PDF conversion is fixed.
* \#183807, \#187025 - `CopyTo()` method is working properly when AutoFilters are applied.
* \#187751 - External exception is no longer thrown while performing text AutoFit in a cell.
* \#186234 - Custom RGB tab color is no longer changed while resaving the Excel file in XlsIO.
* \#187234 - Issue with improper row height is resolved for the given Excel document.
* \#184407 - Exception is no longer thrown while setting RTF text.
* \#185577, \#186951 - Rich-text is now properly set for complex RTF string.
* \#186451 - Date filter is now working proper in pivot table.
* \#186446 - UnKnownName exception is no longer thrown while opening CSV files.
* \#185221 - Exception is no longer thrown while opening Excel file with  external workbook range in data validation formula.
* \#187026 - Exception is no longer thrown while resaving XLS file with table.
* \#187723 - Overflow exception is no longer thrown while accessing `DisplayText` for large numbers.
* \#185270 - Key not found exception is no longer thrown while copying range to another workbook multiple times.
* \#187025 - Text filter is now proper in XLSX document.
* \#187181, \#187315 - Exception is no longer thrown while invoking `IRange.BorderNone`.
* \#185921 - File encoding is now correct while parsing zip file with Latin characters.
* \#186738, \#187783 - `DisplayText` returns number value for cell reference formula in Portugal culture.
* \#184801 - Currency format is now proper in PDF conversion.
* \#185138 - Combination chart with bar series is rendered properly in chart to image conversion.
* \#188856 - Issue with incorrect formula values when formulas contain unknown prefix is fixed.
* \#189166 - Looping issue while converting Excel document into PDF is fixed.
* \#189191 - InvalidOperationException is thrown while saving Excel document with comments is fixed.
* \#189077 - Issue with `InvertIfNegative` in chart series data points is fixed.
* \#188263 - Issue with `AutoFilterRange` when AutoFilter collection is empty, is fixed.
* \#188856 - `ReferToRange` property now returns proper value for discontinued range.
* \#188787 - File is no longer corrupted while resaving Excel document with XML maps.
* \#188854, \#190448 - Application hanging issue while opening Excel document with table AutoFilters is fixed.
* \#188687 - Exception is no longer thrown while adding worksheets after deleting named ranges.
* \#188620, \#189263, \#190029, \#190818, \#190866 - Formulas with external workbook reference gives incorrect formula string value is fixed.
* \#171967 - Issues with chart axis labels font size and automatic axis label rotation for 2D charts in chart to image conversion are fixed.
* \#155547 - XlsIO memory consumption in row storage class has been reduced.
* \#189351 - Issue with display unit label settings in chart to image conversion is fixed.
* Sorting (descending order) is not working properly when filtering a column is fixed.
* Issue with copy and paste of formatted cells is fixed.
* Issue with `IsBestFit` property while accessing the `SetColumnWithPixels` method is fixed.
* Stack overflow exception is no longer thrown while accessing `RefersToRange` property.
* Argument exception is no longer thrown while copying one range to another range with styles.
* Argument exception is no longer thrown when sorting filtered numbers in descending order.
* The old and new cell values are validated on copy/paste through `ValueChanged` event.
* AutoFit is now proper when text in the input file contains line feed and wrap text is set to false.
* Performance issue in filtering when sheet has comments is fixed.
* Exception is no longer thrown when coping the define names between different workbooks.
* Exception is no longer throw when cloning shape during `AddCopy()` method.
* Exception is no longer thrown while accessing table range using formula token.
* Calculated column formula is not updated during `AddCopy()` is fixed.
* Null reference exception is no longer thrown while serializing conditional formats during `AddCopy()`.
* Issue with `ColorRGB` in `Borders` is fixed.
* Exception is no longer thrown while parsing category labels with external range.
* Exception is no longer thrown while updating sheet names in `Worksheet.AddCopy()`.
* Exception is no longer thrown while opening file with PieChart.
* Exception is no longer thrown while copying conditional formats to another workbook.
* The old and new cell values are validated on copy and paste operation through `ValueChanged` event.
* Format exception due to pivot table data type is fixed.
* XlsIO returns correct date for the number formats in German culture.
* Exception is no longer thrown while opening an Excel document with stacked marker chart.
* `CellStyle.Font.RGBColor` of a range now returns proper value.
* `DisplayText` issue for number formats with 'GMT' is fixed.
* Rich-text is proper in Excel to PDF Conversion.
* Clearing contents in a merged cell doesn't remove cell formatting.
* Issue with incorrect display text for FormulaArrays is fixed.
* ArgumentOutOfRangeException is no longer thrown while resaving Excel documents with duplicate cell style name.
* Issue with hidden rows not being copied while using `CopyTo()` is fixed.
* Formulas with improper sheet references are now proper on resave.
* Image rotation will be preserved properly in Excel documents.
* Issue with incorrect `DisplayText` value when a cell contains particular IF formula is fixed.
* Exception is no longer thrown while opening a file with chart sheet.
* Issue with calculated column formula on resave is fixed.
* Exception is no longer thrown while cloning a workbook containing table formula using `AddCopy()`.

