---
title       : Essential Studio for ASP.NET 2017 Volume 1 Service Pack 1 Release Notes
description : Essential Studio for ASP.NET 2017 Volume 1 Service Pack 1 Release Notes
platform    : aspnet
---

# Essential Studio for ASP.NET Release Notes

{% include release-info.html date=site.releasedate.2017_vol_1_sp1 version=site.version.2017_vol_1_sp1 %} 





## CurrencyTextbox

### Features
{:#currencytextbox-features}

* \#171047 - Provided option to overwrite the existing currency symbol which is derived from current culture using “currencySymbol” API.

## DataManager

### Bug fixes
{:#datamanager-bug-fixes}

* \#172670 - The issue "Filtering Based on Null value throws an exception" has been resolved.
## Dialog

### Bug fixes
{:#dialog-bug-fixes}

* \#172220 - Issue with rendering Syncfusion Web controls inside the Dialog's update panel after postback have been fixed.

## DocIO

### Bug Fixes
{:#DocIO-bug-fixes}

* \#171423 - ArgumentOutOfRangeException will no longer thrown while importing and resaving a particular Word document.
* \#171051,  \#173099 - File is no longer corrupted while resaving a particular DOCX format document.
* \#169663 - File size is now reduced while converting a Word document as RTF by enabling the `OptimizeRtfFileSize` property of `SaveOptions` class.
* \#171841 - Merge field number format preservation issue has been resolved while performing Mail merge execution.
* \#172854 - NullReferenceException will no longer thrown while using `FindSingleLine()` method in Multithreading.
* \#171100 - `Ref` field result is now preserved properly while updating document fields for a particular Word document.
* \#171613 - Marker color of the scatter chart is now preserved properly while resaving a DOCX format document.
* \#171423 - Data label of the chart is now preserved properly while resaving a particular DOCX format document.
* \#171799 - Table border preservation issue has been resolved while converting a particular Word document as PDF.
* \#171799 - Table overlapping issue has been resolved while converting a particular Word document as PDF.
* \#171424 - Table positioning issue has been resolved while converting a particular Word document as PDF.
* \#171073 - Page break preservation issue has been resolved while converting particular Word document as PDF.
* \#171132 - Frame missing issue has been resolved while converting a particular Word document as PDF.
## DropDownList

### Bug fixes
{:#dropdownlist-bug-fixes}

* \#173134 - The issue "DropDownList problem when grouping items with same name" has been resolved.
## Gantt

### Features
{:#gantt-features}

* \#170740 – Now it is possible to map the work field from data source by using `WorkMapping` property.


Grid

Bug Fixes

{:#grid-bug-fixes}

#I171609- `GroupCaptionFormat` is exporting properly when doing Export with given `Field` value.

#I172447- In custom filter dialog the localization is applied for the `dateTimePicker` control

Breaking Changes

{:#ejgrid-breaking-changes}

⦁ Grid selection is maintained after the cancel Edit

⦁ In Grid the excel filter dialog wrapper will be created only after clicking the corresponding column filter icon instead of rendering the filter dialogs during the initial render itself.

## PDF

### Bug Fixes
{:#pdf-bug-fixes} 

* \#172260- `PdfLightTable` cell customization is now preserving properly when disable the `AllowRowBreakAcrossPages`.
* \#171850- Decrypting padding block exception is no longer thrown when loading the particular PDF document.
* \#172057- The PDF page contents are displaying correctly when encrypt the PDF document.
* \#171135- OCR processed PDF documents are no longer increase in size when printing using Adobe Acrobat DC.
* \#172578- Some graphics content of XPS are now rendering properly when converting to PDF.
* \#164222- Numeric glyphs in RTL languages of XPS are now rendering properly when converting to PDF.
* \#164222- Input string not in correct format exception is no longer thrown when converted XPS to PDF.
* \#172269- Index out of range exception is no longer thrown when viewing PDF document in PDF Viewer.
* \#171740- Documents are now compressed properly while replacing the images in the document with low quality.
* \#170611- PDF size is no longer compressed compared to TIFF image on converting TIFF images to PDF.
* \#171469- Internal links are now preserving properly while converting HTML to PDF.
* \# 171703- `PdfLightTable` headers are drawing only once when enable the `ShowHeader`.
* \#171857- Form fields values are preserving properly when flattening the form fields.
* \#172460- `NotSupportedException` no longer thrown while using `PdfTrueTypeFont`.

## PDF Viewer

### Features
{:#pdfviewer-features}

* \#170781 - documentUnload event is included in ejPdfViewer.

### Bug Fixes
{:#pdfviewer-bug-fixes}

* \#172739 - Script error will no longer be thrown when we scroll the PDF document with higher zoom values in the PDF viewer
* \#173194 - The PDF file extension handling in the `load()` API of PDF Viewer control is moved to the server side.
* \#172739 - No error will be thrown in PDF viewer when FitToWidth mode is given during control initialization.
## Presentation

### Bug Fixes
{:#presentation-bug-fixes}
* \#170494 - The resaved PowerPoint presentation will be no longer corrupted while opening in Microsoft Office 2007.
## ReportViewer

### Bug Fixes    
{:#reportviewer-bug-fixes}
* \#173084, #173085 - Now, the zoom functionality working properly for all zoom values.

* \#168984 - Resolved header item rendering outside the container area in print preview.

## Schedule

### Bug Fixes
{:#schedule-bug-fixes} 

* \#172273 - Server events `OnServerBeforeContextMenuOpen` and `OnServerMenuItemClick` are working correctly.
* \#172273 - Schedule is destroyed properly, after refreshing it when placed inside the update panel.
## TreeGrid

### Bug Fixes
{:#treegrid-bug-fixes}

* \#172160 – Issue in exporting cell contents preceded with zeros in excel has been fixed.
* \#172082 – Issue with focusing drop down list on cell editing has been fixed.
* \#171840, \#172821 – Exporting issue with parent id value as string has been fixed. 
* \#172882 – Now TreeGrid columns can be rendered without mapping the field value.
* \#172821 - Now drag tooltip is removed properly while canceling the row drag action.





## XlsIO

### Bug fixes
{:#xlsio-bug-fixes}

* \#171362 - Date format is maintained while importing data using Template Markers.
* \#171130 - Workbook protection password is maintained while re-saving Excel document.
* \#172188 - Exception thrown while parsing custom properties of Excel document has been resolved.
* \#172449 - Empty string can be assigned to workbook application name.
* \#172619 - Exception thrown while opening an Excel document with more than 32 characters in data validation title has been resolved.
* \#172767 - Exception thrown while opening an Excel document with numeric separators modified has been resolved.
* \#171513 - Applying standard height sets custom height to proper value in XLS document.
* \#95412 - Text rotation for chart axis is applied proper while creating charts.
* \#172748 - Date value "01/01/0001" is considered as string.
* \#171998 - File with empty space in table column header is no more corrupted.
* \#172562 - Data field is now applied proper in pivot table creation.
* \#171859 - Chart title with formula is converted properly in chart to image conversion.
* \#171297 - Converting a chart into image with gap width and series overlapping is now equivalent to Microsoft Excel.
* \#171521 - Vertical axis issues in chart to image conversion has been resolved.
* \#170689 - Horizontal scroll bar preserved proper in Excel to HTML conversion.
* \#170287 - Border issue while applying `PrintTitleRow` in Excel to PDF conversion is resolved.
