---
title       : Essential Studio for ASP.NET 2017 Volume 2 Service Pack 1 Release Notes
description : Essential Studio for ASP.NET 2017 Volume 2 Service Pack 1 Release Notes
platform    : aspnet
---

# Essential Studio for ASP.NET Release Notes

{% include release-info.html date=site.releasedate.2017_vol_2_sp1 version=site.version.2017_vol_2_sp1 %} 






## Common

### Bug Fixes 
{:#common-bug-fixes}

* \#178650 - The issue " when UnobtrusiveJavaScriptEnabled is set as true, server side events are not triggered" has been fixed.

* \#178744 - The HTML5 validation issue on rendering our controls with input tag has been fixed.


## Chart

### Bug Fixes
{:#chart-bug-fixes}

* \#176346 – Performance of the chart is improved now, while binding data from the database.
## DocIO

### Features
{:#DocIO-features}
* \#177630 - Added support to preserve/insert SVG element in DOCX to DOCX file format conversion.
* \#178264 - Added support to apply multiple `Paragraph Style` in a single Paragraph while creating a Word document using DocIO.
* \#154849, \#156160, \#159266, \#167482, \#167778, \#169491, \#176208, \#176607, \#178005, \#174862, \#177633, \#179096, \#179700 - Added support for Word to PDF conversion in Azure environment.

### Breaking Changes
{:#DocIO-breaking-changes}
* The property `SvgData` was added to the interface `IWPicture`.
* The property `EnableStyleSeparator` was added to the interface `IWParagraph`.
* An overload method `AppendPicture` was added to the interface `IWParagraph`.

### Bug Fixes
{:#DocIO-bug-fixes}

* \#175961, \#179927, \#180418 - Image missing issue has been resolved while performing Mail merge execution.
* \#178271 - Extra page preservation issue has been resolved while loading the particular RTF format document.
* \#176369 - Doughnut chart title value retrieved properly while saving the particular Word document.
* \#177890 - Changing the color of a bar chart series is not applied for negative bar series values. 
* \#177890 - No longer hangs while opening a Word document which containing chart.
* \#178856 - TOC contents are preserved properly while updating Table of contents for a particular Word document.
* \#176984 - Formula field results are preserved properly while bookmark has a special character.
* \#176802, \#178648 - No longer hangs while converting the particular Word document as PDF.
* \#176802 - Table preservation issue has been resolved while converting a particular Word document as PDF.
* \#177047 - Background color preservation issue has been resolved while converting a particular Word document as PDF.
* \#177064 - List number preservation issue has been resolved while saving the particular RTF format document.
* \#178648 - Header row is now preserved properly while converting particular Word document as PDF.
* \#177586 - StackOverFlow Exception will no longer thrown while loading the particular RTF format document.
* \#176708 - KeyNotFoundException Exception will no longer thrown while loading the particular DOCX format document.
* \#179085 - Merge field values are preserved properly while performing Mail merge execution for a particular Word document using `Execute` method.
* \#179006 - Underline and Strikethrough is now preserved properly when append particular HTML file in Word document.
* \#177295 - Text retrieved properly from WTextFormField for a particular Word document.
* \#176840 - Page number is now preserved properly while updating Table of contents for a particular Word document.
* \#177679 - NullReferenceException Exception will no longer thrown while performing Mail merge execution using empty data table.
* \#165843, \#178727 - List number preservation issue has been resolved while importing particular Word document.
* \#177295 - `!Syntax Error Exception` will no longer preserved in the generated Word document for `SUM(ABOVE)` field. 
* \#178601 - Field result is now preserved properly while converting a particular Word document as PDF. 
* \#176369 - ArgumentOutOfRangeException will no longer thrown while saving the Word document which containing chart.
* \#168877 - Content Control will be accessible to create/modify into the Word document. 
* \#171046 - MathML element is now preserved properly in DOCX to DOCX conversion.
* \#177380 - System.TypeInitialization exception will not be thrown while creating a Word document with chart.
## FileExplorer

### Features
{:#fileexplorer-features}

* Provided support to override the methods of “FileAccessOperation” class that is available at “Syncfusion.EJ” assembly.

## Grid

### Bug Fixes
{:#grid-bug-fixes}

* \#176115- `UpdateMethod` works fine with ObjectDataSource control when byte array field is present in Grid.
## ListBox

### Bug Fixes
{:#listbox-bug-fixes}

* \#178949 - Provided server side event `OnItemDrop` for ListBox which will be triggered on dropping an item to the target.
## PDF

### Features
{:#pdf-features}

* Added the support to load font from stream in `PdfTrueTypeFont` class.

### Bug Fixes
{:#pdf-bug-fixes} 

* \#175254 - Italic text alignment is now preserving properly when converting the Word to PDF.
* \#177676 - The font is preserving properly in PDF document when embedding the font.
* The `PdfGrid` header is now preserving properly when enable the `AllowHorizontalOverflow`
* \#179152 - Vertical text is preserving properly when converting XPS to PDF.
* \#177639 - Text is now rendering properly when converting XPS to PDF.
* \#178247 - Internal stream of `PdfLoadedDocument` is now closing properly when calling the dispose method
* \#178331 - Graphical contents are preserving properly when converting XPS to PDF document.
* \#177257 - Image is preserving properly when converting XPS to PDF document.
* \#177947 - PDF document with Korean characters are printing properly in direct print.
* \#177066 - Blank PDF document will not be generated while converting particular EMF to PDF.
* \#177764 - `ArgumentOutOfRangeException` is no longer occur while converting XPS to PDF when set `EmbedCompleteFont` as true.
* \#177822 - Preservation issues are no longer occurs while converting XPS to PDF.
* \#177646 - Unexpected token exception is no longer thrown while loading particular PDF document.
* \#178830 - `ArgumentOutOfRangeException` is no longer thrown when accessing `PdfDocumentInformation` property in the particular PDF document.
* \#179402 - PDF/X-1a:2001 conformance is now working properly when converting Word to PDF.
* \#177331 - Bullet alignment is now preserving properly while converting Word to PDF.
* \#177916 - `ArgumentOutOfRangeException` is no longer thrown while extracting fonts from the particular PDF document.


## PDF viewer

### Features
{:#pdfviewer-features}

* \#174054 - Provided support for the mandatory form fields in the PDF documents. 
* \#176168 - Improved the quality of the page rendering in the high-resolution devices.
* \#176168 - Improved the pinch zooming performance in the high-resolution devices.
* \#158552 - Added support for finding the colored page in the PDF document.



### Bug Fixes
{:#pdfviewer-bug-fixes}

* \#178834 - Script error will no longer be thrown when setting the fit to width for the PDF document.
* \#173834 - The Checkbox and Textbox field borders are now visible when the focus state changes.
* \#173834 - Dropdown and List box fields text contents are now visible in the dark theme.
* \#177493 - The current page now fits to viewport when view mode is set to fit to page.
* \#173834 - Check box content is now rendered properly.
* \#178536 - The PDF document text contents are rendered properly.
* \#178540 - Restriction summary of the PDF document property is now working fine.
* \#177922 - Color of the contents in the PDF document are now preserved properly.
* \#177922 - Image content in the PDF document is now rendered properly.
* \#178926 - Script error will no longer be thrown on zooming the provided PDF document.
* \#178534 - The PDF document content is now rendered properly.
* \#178535 - Text contents in the PDF document are no longer overlapped.
* \#173831 - Text selection and search are now working fine even when unicode characters are present in the text div element. 
## Predictive Analytics

### Bug Fixes
{:#predictive-analytics-bug-fixes}

* \#178661- Resolved issues with data fields transformation in RuleSet Model Evaluator.
## Presentation

### Features
{:#presentation-features}
* \#177630 - Added support to insert and modify SVG image in PowerPoint presentation.
* \#177587 - Added support to insert columns to a table in PowerPoint presentation.
* \#176530 - Added support to retrieve the target slide of a hyperlink in PowerPoint presentation.

### Breaking Changes
{:#presentation-breaking-changes}
* \#176530 - The property `TargetSlide` was added to the interface `IHyperLink`.
* \#177630 - The property `SvgData` was added to the interface `IPicture`.
* \#177630 - An overload method for `AddPicture` was added to the interface `IPictures`.
* \#177630 - An overload method for `AddPicture` was added to the interface `IShapes`.
* \#177587 - The method `InsertColumn` was added to the interface `ITable`.
* \#177587 - The property `ColumnsCount` was added to the interface `ITable`.

### Bug Fixes
{:#presentation-bug-fixes}
* \#178033 - Argument null reference exception will not be thrown while converting a PowerPoint slide to image.
* \#178009 - Null reference exception will not be thrown while clearing and adding the slides in the PowerPoint presentation.
* \#179028 - The font size is now preserved as expected while converting a PowerPoint slide to image.


## ReportViewer

### Bug Fixes    
{:#reportviewer-bug-fixes}

* \#178954 - Resolved N1 and N0 number format issue in Excel export.

## TreeGrid

### Bug Fixes
{:#treegrid-bug-fixes}

* \#177199, #178403 – Issue with column resizer line not removed when resizing the columns has been fixed.
* \#178281- Now the default context menu will be displayed on mouse right click while the TreeGrid context menu is disabled. 
* Now the cell text can be selected while the cell is in edit mode.
* \#178867 – Null pointer exception has been fixed when triggering `OnServerRowSelected` event while selecting the rows.






## XlsIO

### Features
{:#xlsio-features}

* \#177630 - Provided support to add SVG images in Excel document.

### Breaking changes
{:#xlsio-breaking-changes}

* An overload method `AddPicture` is added to the interface `IPictures`.

### Bug fixes
{:#xlsio-bug-fixes}

* \#177888 - Exception is no longer thrown while opening a file with error value in named range.
* \#176158 - Opening an Excel document with picture will no longer get corrupted in Mac OS.
* \#178929 - Issue with wrong combo boxes count in an Excel document is fixed.
* \#178697 - Conditional formatting rules are now applied proper with priority.
* \#178368 - Custom number format ends with whitespace is preserved properly.
* \#176718 - `DisplayText` now returns number value for cell reference formulas.
* \#179055 - Exception is no longer thrown while saving XLS document to XLSX format with invalid named ranges.
* \#178577 - Exception is no longer thrown while opening an Excel document with empty relation in image hyperlink.
* \#179601 - Setting a pivot table row layout to tabular style and saving the document will no longer throws exception.
* \#179303 - Exception is no longer thrown while setting header text within the limit.
* \#175065 - Saving a workbook multiple times will no longer increase its file size.
* \#177928 - Removing worksheets will reduce the file size properly.
* \#178745 - Issue with changes in table formatting after resaving the document is fixed.
* \#177927 - Removing multiple worksheets and saving the document will no longer throws exception.
* \#177832 - License issue in XlsIO assembly has been resolved.
* \#177210 - Issue with wild card criteria search in Excel document is fixed.
* \#178182 - Issue with missing of single marker in chart to image conversion, when parent marker symbol is set to `none` is fixed.
* \#177278 - Exception while processing date number format in Excel to HTML conversion is fixed.
* \#175932 - Issues with unwanted merged styles in Excel to HTML conversion is fixed.
* \#179361 - XlsIO generated HTML documents are now XML formatted.
* \#175236 - Custom icon sets are rendered properly in image or PDF conversion.
* Cell value with cross sheet reference formula will be updated properly.
* Sorting a range twice with same index will no longer throws exception.
* Exception is no longer thrown while copying worksheets with chart.
* Issue with improper print title values is fixed.

