---
title       : Essential Studio for ASP.NET 2017 Volume 2 Release Notes
description : Essential Studio for ASP.NET 2017 Volume 2 Release Notes
platform    : aspnet
---

# Essential Studio for ASP.NET Release Notes

{% include release-info.html date=site.releasedate.2017_vol_2 version=site.version.2017_vol_2 %} 





## Common

### Features
{:#common-features}

* We have given the localization support from resource files, so hereafter, no need to refer the corresponding locale JSON in client end; instead it will generate respective locale text on control rendering itself either based on application culture or component culture

### Bug Fixes 
{:#common-bug-fixes}

* \#174502 - The issue "Exception Message not shown in browser page in Web Forms controls" has been fixed.

### Breaking Changes
{:#common-breaking-changes}
 
* \#174965 -  The background-color of form editor controls in disabled state has been modified.
## Autocomplete

### Bug fixes
{:#autocomplete-bug-fixes}

* \#174648 - DataManager property is not working properly in Autocomplete issue has been fixed.
* \#176674 - Added HtmlAttributes property for Autocomplete control.
## Chart

### Features
{:#chart-features}

* \#146986 - Provided support for printing the chart.
* \#155396 - Provided support to place the axes elements outside the chart area, while crossing the axes.
* Provided support to render pie of pie series type.

### Bug fixes
{:#chart-bug-fixes} 
 
* \#173339 – [`CornerRadius`](https://help.syncfusion.com/api/js/ejchart#members:series-cornerradius) property is now working properly.
* \#175580 - Linear trendline is now rendering properly, even if we specify x value to the data points with unequal intervals.
* \#175736 - IntelliSense is now displaying properly for the [`Font`](https://help.syncfusion.com/api/js/ejchart#members:primaryxaxis-multilevellabels-font) properties in MultiLevelLabels.
## CheckBox

### Breaking Changes
{:#ejcheckbox-breaking-changes}

* The **ValidationMessage** of CheckBox has been deprecated from this release.Please make use of the **ValidationMessages** instead. 

## CircularGauge

### Features
{:#circulargauge-features}

* \#172258 - Provided legend support for representing the ranges in circular gauge. 

## DatePicker

### Breaking Changes
{:#ejdatepicker-breaking-changes}

* The **ValidationMessage** of DatePicker has been deprecated from this release.Please make use of the **ValidationMessages** instead. 
 
## DateTimePicker

### Breaking Changes
{:#ejdatetimepicker-breaking-changes}

* The **ValidationMessage** of DateTimePicker has been deprecated from this release.Please make use of the **ValidationMessages** instead. 
  
## Diagram

### Features
{:#diagram-features}

* Template support for `labels` is added.
* Template support for `contextMenuItem` is added.
* \#161622 - Exporting the diagram with native node, event will be raised for native nodes which is used to draw the native node in application level on exporting.

## Dialog

### Bug fixes
{:#dialog-bug-fixes}

* \#172220 - Issue with rendering Syncfusion Web controls inside the Dialog's updatepanel after postback have been fixed.

### Features
{:#ejdialog-features}

* The Dialog provides an option to enable/disable browser scroll when we open the Modal Dialog.

### Breaking changes
{:#ejdialog-breaking-changes}

* Dialog position will be calculated based on the target or containment element.
## DocIO

### Features
{:#DocIO-features}
* \#129771, \#141097, \#152712, \#152827, \#152953, \#161968, \#166700, \#170011, \#170535 - Added Equation(`EQ`) field preservation support in Word to PDF conversion.

### Breaking Changes
{:#DocIO-breaking-changes}

* Enumeration type of Equation(`EQ`) field is modified from `FieldFormula` to `FieldExpression` while opening an existing DOC format document.
* Enumeration type of Formula(`=`) field is modified from `FieldExpression` to `FieldFormula` while opening an existing DOC and DOCX format document.

### Bug Fixes
{:#DocIO-bug-fixes}

* \#171423 - ArgumentOutOfRangeException will no longer thrown while importing and resaving a particular Word document.
* \#171051,  \#173099, \#177192 - File is no longer corrupted while resaving a particular DOCX format document.
* \#169663 - File size is now reduced while converting a Word document as RTF by enabling the `OptimizeRtfFileSize` property of `SaveOptions` class.
* \#171841 - Merge field number format preservation issue has been resolved while performing Mail merge execution.
* \#172854 - NullReferenceException will no longer thrown while using `FindSingleLine()` method in Multithreading.
* \#171100 - `Ref` field result is now preserved properly while updating document fields for a particular Word document.
* \#171613 - Marker color of the scatter chart is now preserved properly while resaving a DOCX format document.
* \#171423, \#175386 - Data label of the chart is now preserved properly while resaving a particular DOCX format document.
* \#171799 - Table border preservation issue has been resolved while converting a particular Word document as PDF.
* \#171799 - Table overlapping issue has been resolved while converting a particular Word document as PDF.
* \#171424 - Table positioning issue has been resolved while converting a particular Word document as PDF.
* \#171073 - Page break preservation issue has been resolved while converting particular Word document as PDF.
* \#171132 - Frame missing issue has been resolved while converting a particular Word document as PDF.
* \#167559, \#173876, \#174704, \#177783 - No longer hangs while converting the particular Word document as PDF file.
* \#172618 - Page splitting issue is now resolved while converting a particular DOCX format document as PDF.
* \#172618, \#172622, \#174134, \#173670,\#174270,\#174798  - NullReferenceException will no longer thrown while converting a particular DOCX format document as PDF.
* \#172622 - Page break preservation issue is now resolved while converting a particular DOCX format document as PDF.
* \#172910, \#173277 - Paragraph position and frame preservation issue is now resolved while converting a particular DOCX format document as PDF.
* \#173039 - Image missing issue is now resolved while converting a particular DOCX format document as PDF.
* \#173346 - Text drawn with improper font issue has been resolved while converting a particular Word document as PDF.
* \#173445 - Text alignment issue has been resolved while converting a particular Word document as PDF.
* \#173459, \#172942 - No longer hangs while opening a particular DOCX format document.
* \#173517 - Table right border is now preserved properly while saving the particular RTF format document.
* \#173567 - Custom properties result is now preserved properly while updating document fields for a particular Word document.
* \#174396, \#174699 - Textbox content aligned properly while converting a particular Word document as PDF.
* \#174511 - Table border is now preserved properly while converting a particular Word document as HTML.
* \#174602 - Textbox text missing issue has been resolved while converting a particular Word document as PDF.
* \#174606 - Table width is now preserved properly while converting a particular Word document as PDF.
* \#174834,  \#174894 - Table rows is now preserved properly when accepting the track changes.
* \#172618 - Table cell border issue has been resolved while converting particular Word document as PDF.
* \#174246 - NullReferenceException will no longer thrown while refreshing a chart element.
* \#173628 - Chart with trendlines is now preserved properly while resaving a particular DOCX format document.             			
* \#172618 - Tab splitting issue has been resolved while converting a particular Word document as PDF.
* \#175304 - Text position preservation issue has been resolved while converting a particular Word document as PDF.
* \#173346 - Bottom alignment of text is preserved properly while converting a particular Word document as PDF.
* \#174455 - Image missing issue has been resolved while resaving particular Word document.
* \#176036 - Subscript text alignment issue has been resolved while converting a particular Word document as PDF.
* \#176036 - Textbox positioning issue has been resolved while converting a particular Word document as PDF.
* \#175132 - NullReferenceException will be no longer thrown while parsing the picture fill property of Chart element.
* \#174474, \#174954 ,\#174997 - ArgumentException will no longer thrown while saving the Word document which contains Chart element.
* \#167585 - Text missing issue has been resolved while converting a particular Word document as PDF.
* \#175604 - Image missing issue has been resolved while converting Word document as EPUB.
* \#175051 - ArgumentException will no longer thrown while opening a particular Word document.
* \#175731 - Page break will be preserved properly when accepting the track changes in the Word document.
* \#174174 - Table border preservation issue has been resolved while opening a particular DOC format document.
* \#174602 - Table row is now preserved properly while converting a particular Word document as PDF.
* \#176420 - File is no longer corrupted while using `ChartData.Clear()` method.
* \#173412, \#174055 - Performance has been improved while resaving a particular DOCX format document.
## DropDownList

### Bug fixes
{:#dropdownlist-bug-fixes}

* \#176292 - The issue "Visibility status of EJ controls did not maintain after the post back " has been resolved.
* \#176948 - The issue "DropDownList value not accessible in code behind" has been resolved.
## FileExplorer

### Bug fixes
{:#fileexplorer-bug-fixes}

* \#173530 - Unable to render the FileExplorer control when enable the LoadEJResources issue has been fixed.

## Gantt

### Features
{:#gantt-features}

* \#134230, \#136584, \#137072, \#141037, \#147034, \#149917, \#151176 - Support for exporting Gantt contents to PDF has been implemented.
* \#172552, \#140878, \#149638, \#165417, \#136135, \#149804 - Support for displaying custom icons in toolbar has been implemented.
* \#170740 - Implemented the support for mapping the work field from data source.
* \#165100, \#171769 - Support for mapping the expand status of a record has been implemented.
* \#173616, \#174707, \#175548 - Method for updating the records dynamically has been implemented

### Bug Fixes
{:#gantt-bug-fixes}

* \#174715 - Issue while updating the datasource dynamically in Knockout has been fixed.
* \#174824 - Issue while adding a record in empty datasource in Knockout has been fixed.
* \#F129341 - Now the taskbar editing icons will be removed properly on disabling the `AllowGanttChartEditing` property dynamically.
* \#F129223 - Issue while updating the timescale mode in AngularJS has been fixed. 
## Grid

### Bug Fixes
{:#grid-bug-fixes}

* \#176279- After doing the filtering/sorting `Grid` exports the proper document with `HeaderTextAlign` property in `Columns`.

* \#176279- Grid binds the proper values in grid `Columns` and excel exported document, When we have null values in `Columns`.

### Breaking changes
{:#grid-breaking-changes}

* Font family in Grid PDF Exporting is now changed to default font of corresponding Operating System.

## ListBox

### Features
{:#listbox-features}

* Provided sorting support to automatically sort the list items in alphabetical order.
* Cascade event provided to ListBox, which will be triggered before the cascaded data is populated.
## ListView

### Features
{:#listview-features}

* Provided virtual scrolling support to load data on demand without buffering huge data, it supports both normal and continuous mode.
## Map

### Bug Fixes
{:#map-bug-fixes} 
 
* \#174649 – [`OnShapeSelected`](https://help.syncfusion.com/api/js/ejmap#events:shapeselected) server side event is now working properly.
* \#175844 - Memory is not leaking now, while rendering the map control.

## PDF

### Features
{:#pdf-features}

* Provided support for flattening the pop up annotation in PDF.
* Provided support for flattening the ink annotation in PDF.
* Provided support for PDF 2.0 security feature (AES Revision 6).

### Bug Fixes
{:#pdf-bug-fixes} 

* \#172260 - `PdfLightTable` cell customization is now preserving properly when disable the `AllowRowBreakAcrossPages`.
* \#171850 - Decrypting padding block exception is no longer thrown when loading the particular PDF document.
* \#172057 - The PDF page contents are displaying correctly when encrypt the PDF document.
* \#171135 - OCR processed PDF documents are no longer increase in size when printing using Adobe Acrobat DC.
* \#172578 - Some graphics content of XPS are now rendering properly when converting to PDF.
* \#164222 - Numeric glyphs in RTL languages of XPS are now rendering properly when converting to PDF.
* \#164222 - Input string not in correct format exception is no longer thrown when converted XPS to PDF.
* \#172269 - Index out of range exception is no longer thrown when viewing PDF document in PDF Viewer.
* \#171740 - Documents are now compressed properly while replacing the images in the document with low quality.
* \#170611 - PDF size is no longer compressed compared to TIFF image on converting TIFF images to PDF.
* \#171469 - Internal links are now preserving properly while converting HTML to PDF.
* \#171703 - `PdfLightTable` headers are drawing only once when enable the `ShowHeader`.
* \#171857 - Form fields values are preserving properly when flattening the form fields.
* \#172460 - `NotSupportedException` no longer thrown while using `PdfTrueTypeFont`.
* \#173882 - The inner color of the ellipse and circle annotations are now preserving properly when flattening the annotation.
* \#174433 - Null reference exception no longer occurs when loading the PDF document.
* \#172945 - Named destination is now supported when merging PDF documents.
* \#172848 - Preservation issues will not occur while flattening PDF form fields.
* \#170584 - File size is not increased when importing single page from the PDF document.
* \#174608 - Images are preserving properly when converting HTML to PDF using IE.
* \#173919 - Null reference exception no longer occurs when getting the certificates from store.
* \#172316 - No exception thrown in Adobe Reader when replacing the image in the PDF document.
* \#177066 - Blank PDF document will not be generated while converting particular EMF to PDF.
* \#176429 - `PdfTextWebLink` destination now works as expected for rotated PDF documents.
* \#176663 - Masked images are now preserved properly while converting XPS to PDF.
* \#173563 - PDF text box fonts are preserved properly when merging the PDF documents.
* \#176565 - Code 128 barcode will be generated without any unwanted characters.
* \#174986 - Chinese characters will be displayed properly when OCR the particular PDF document.
* \#175857 - PDF document will no longer corrupted while merging the PDF documents.
* \#175375 - PDF document will no longer corrupted while drawing the image.
* \#175053 - Exception will not be thrown while loading the PDF document.
* \#175267 - Exception will not be thrown while loading a particular PDF document as byte array.
* \#175861 - QR barcode size will be generated properly with respect to the `XDimension`.
* \#175758 - ArgumentOutOfRange exception is no longer thrown when appending the particular document.
* \#175090 - Check box values are preserved properly while flattening the form fields.
* \#175090 - PDF document will no longer corrupted while applying flatten the form fields.
* \#175090 - Text box properties are now preserved properly while parsing the particular PDF document.
* \#175684 - Images are replaced as expected while replacing the images in the PDF document.
* \#174498 - Annotation bounds are now preserved properly while rotating the PDF document.
* \#164314 - Certificate chains are now preserved properly while sign the PDF document.
* \#175002 - PDF document will no longer corrupted while drawing a string in particular PDF document.
* \#175879 - fi ligatures are now black listed while OCR the PDF document.
* \#174801 - Text colors are now restored properly when drawing with the same `PdfPen` multiple times using `PdfIccColor`.
* \#175020 - Exception no longer thrown while accessing the ForeColor of the `PdfFields`.
* No duplicate fonts are added in the OCR processed PDF document.
* Internal links are now properly preserved while converting the HTML to PDF converter using IE.
* The annotation bounds are now preserved properly while loading the PDF document.
* Null reference exception is no longer thrown while getting the annotation author and subject properties.
* Exception no longer thrown while getting the used fonts from particular PDF document.
* Exception will not occur when adding bookmark to larger PDF document.

## PDF viewer

### Features
{:#pdfviewer-features}

* \#158972, #159474, #161405, #161658, #168853, #169880, #174931 - Provided support for Text markup annotations.
* \#173556 - Provided the RTL support for text search and copy. 
* \#173831 - Provided support for copying the searched text.
* \#174054 - Support to download the document in a Synchronous and Asynchronous manner is implemented.
* \#172274 - Added support to provide user-defined names when downloading the PDF document being displayed in the PDF viewer.
* \#173425 - FileName is included as an argument in the documentLoad event.
* \#170781 - [`DocumentUnload`](https://help.syncfusion.com/api/js/ejpdfviewer#documentunload) event is included in the PDF viewer.
* \#174823 - Added support to handling errors during the failure of the AJAX request.
* \#I175176, #175376 - Added localization support for the context menu in the PDF viewer.


### Bug Fixes
{:#pdfviewer-bug-fixes}

* \#172739 - Script error will no longer be thrown when we scroll the PDF document with higher zoom values in the PDF viewer.
* \#173194 - The PDF file extension handling in the [`Load`](https://help.syncfusion.com/api/js/ejpdfviewer#loadfilename) method of PDF viewer control is moved to the server side.
* \#172825 - Image is no longer been cropped when the PDF document is exported as image with custom DPI value. 
* \#173110 - Image in the header of the document is now displayed properly.
* \#174054 - The correct PDF document is downloaded when different documents are loaded in different browsers which access same PDF viewer service.
* \#177230 - Printing PDF document using the PDF viewer in multiple user environment works properly.
* \#176168 - Delay in page navigation and scrolling on mobile devices is now resolved.
* \#173425 - The file name is not empty anymore, when loading the document as byte array.
* \#172739 - Script error will no longer be thrown when scrolling the PDF document with higher zoom values.
* \#172739 - No errors will be thrown in the PDF viewer when FitToWidth mode is set during the control initialization.
* \#173831 - The current page now fits to viewport when view mode is set to fit to page.



## PivotChart

### Features
{:#pivotchart-features}

* 	Provided grouping label in PivotChart for drill operation. 
* 	Mondrian XML/A support for latest versions has been provided at Client Mode.

## PivotClient

### Features
{:#pivotclient-features}

*   Splitter has been provided for cube dimension browser to adjust. 
*   Hierarchy name along with its dimension name in shown in SplitButtons. 
*   Measure/attribute search box provided in cube dimension browser. 
*   Enhancement done to load/fetch report from DB.
*   Improved the waiting pop-up loading time in PivotClient. 
*   Provided support for calculated members and measures.
*   Mondrian XML/A support for latest versions has been provided at Client Mode.
*   Provided support for responsive layout height wise. 



## PivotGauge

### Features
{:#pivotgauge-features}

*  Mondrian XML/A support for latest versions has been provided at Client Mode.
## PivotGrid

### Features
{:#pivotgrid-features}

* \#166950 – Provided option for exporting PivotGrid to PDF with colors.
*  Mondrian XML/A support for latest versions has been provided at Client Mode.
*  User can display column header name in PivotGrid.
*  User can sort columns and rows by value for Relational data source.


## Predictive Analytics

### Bug Fixes
{:#predictive-analytics-bug-fixes}

* \#173671- Resolved memory issue while loading large sized PMML file in PMML Evaluator.
## Presentation

### Features
{:#presentation-features}
* \#168464 - Added support to create and modify comments in PowerPoint presentations.
* \#176530 - Added support to create and modify hyperlinks for shapes in PowerPoint presentations.

### Breaking Changes
{:#presentation-breaking-changes}
* \#176530 - The property `Hyperlink` is now added into `IShape` interface.
* \#176530 - The method `SetHyperlink` is now added into `IShape` interface.
* \#176530 - The method `RemoveHyperlink` is now added into `IShape` interface.

### Bug Fixes
{:#presentation-bug-fixes}

* \#170494 - The resaved PowerPoint presentation will be no longer corrupted while opening in Microsoft Office 2007.
* \#174113 - The merged PowerPoint presentation will no longer get corrupted while merging cloned slides from PowerPoint presentations.
* \#173849, \#173493 - The merged PowerPoint presentation will no longer get corrupted while merging slides from different PowerPoint presentations.
* \#174190 - No more exceptions thrown while creating a new presentation by merging cloned slides from different PowerPoint presentations in multi-threading environment.
* \#174295 - Replaced text in a PowerPoint presentation will be no longer marked as spelling error.
* \#173747 - Custom table styles will be now preserved while performing PowerPoint presentation to PDF conversion.

## RadioButton

### Breaking Changes
{:#ejradiobutton-breaking-changes}

* The **ValidationMessage** of RadioButton has been deprecated from this release.Please make use of the **ValidationMessages** instead. 
 
## ReportViewer

### Bug Fixes    
{:#reportviewer-bug-fixes}
* \#173084, #173085 - Now, the zoom functionality working properly for all zoom values.

* \#168984 - Resolved header item rendering outside the container area in print preview.

* \#175558 - Console error for image report item in chrome browser has been resolved.

* \#174783 - The incorrect update of non-dependent parameter values when dependent parameter value changed has been resolved.

* \#174783 - Resolved "Select all" string issue in multi-value parameter.

* \#176801 - Now, custom radius value for doughnut chart can be assigned.

* \#173085 - Now, border styles exported properly in PDF export.

* \#171978 - Now, tablix span exception has been resolved in PDF and PPTX export.

* \#172166 - Now, the IIF expression can be used in multi report variable.

* \#173679, #173737 - Image byte data exception in PDF and Word export is resolved.

* \#168984 - Resolved the text run alignment issue in Excel export.

## RichTextEditor

### Breaking Changes
{:#richtexteditor-breaking-changes}

* In RTE, the paragraph tag (<p></p>) will maintain instead of empty content during initial render and even after clearing the whole content.

### Features
{:#rte-features}

* The RTE toolbar is responsive with inline & popup mode, previously toolbar supports popup mode.
* Responsive support for dialogs and footer in RTE.
* Integration of colorpicker in RTE font and background color tool for custom colors and option for setting transparent background for RTE content.
* Support for removing unwanted elements and styles when we copy paste content from Microsoft Word document to RTE editor.

## Schedule

### Features
{:#schedule-features}

* \#135948, \#145839, \#129435 - Scheduler is now provided with an option to show/hide the weekend days in all views using the API `ShowWeekend`.
* \#173867 - Scheduler is now provided with an additional option to customize the appointment's dragging and resizing interval ranges.

### Bug Fixes
{:#schedule-bug-fixes} 

* \#172273 - Server events `OnServerBeforeContextMenuOpen` and `OnServerMenuItemClick` are working correctly.
* \#172273 - Schedule is destroyed properly, after refreshing it when placed inside the update panel.
## SplitButton

### Features
{:#splitbutton-features}

*  Class and Id based selector support provided for Target property of SplitButton.

## Spreadsheet

### Bug fixes
{:#spreadsheet-bug-fixes}

* \#172008 - Issue with freeze panes element misplaced on importing is fixed.
* \#172008 - Script error throws on conditional formatting with formula rules on importing is fixed.
* \#173755 - Issue with row height and cell selections are not getting updated in wrap text while using updateCellValue method is fixed.

## TimePicker

### Breaking Changes
{:#ejtimepicker-breaking-changes}

* The **ValidationMessage** of TimePicker has been deprecated from this release.Please make use of the **ValidationMessages** instead. 

## TreeGrid

### Features
{:#treegrid-features}

* \#172552, \#140878, \#149638, \#165417, \#136135, \#149804 – Support for displaying custom icons in toolbar has been implemented.
* \#170146 – Support for enabling/disabling a specific column in column chooser has been implemented.
* \#168705, \#139356 – Implemented the validations support for TreeGrid columns while editing and adding actions.
* \#165100, \#171769 – Support for mapping the expand status of a record has been implemented.
* \#158292, \#145064, \#161198 – Support for adaptive rendering in mobile environments has been implemented.
* \#155507, \#164231, \#165272, \#167015 – Support for dialog editing has been implemented.
* \#176125 - Implemented method to return model for exporting by AJAX in TreeGrid.
* \#175953, \#178407 - Support for display boolean value as checkbox has been implemented.
* Row drag and drop performance has been improved with mouse interactions, mouse down delay for initializing the row drag has been removed.

### Bug Fixes
{:#treegrid-bug-fixes}

* \#172160 – Issue in exporting cell contents preceded with zeros in excel has been fixed.
* \#172082 – Issue with focusing drop down list on cell editing has been fixed.
* \#171840, \#172821 – Exporting issue with parent id value as string has been fixed. 
* \#172882 – Now TreeGrid columns can be rendered without mapping the field value.
* \#172821 - Now drag tooltip is removed properly while canceling the row drag action.
* \#177507 - Issue with `actionBegin` event arguments for column name while performing sorting has been fixed.
* \#177288 – Issue with drop down column filtering with onEnter filter bar mode has been fixed.
* \#176179 - Vertical scrollbar issue in TreeGrid with paged view has been fixed.
* \#176812 - Issue in row selected event arguments in TreeGrid has been fixed.
* \#176643 - TreeGrid filter menu style has been changed like in Grid.
* \#176539 - Issue in context menu custom theme in TreeGrid has been fixed.
* \#176125 – Now it is possible to set the desired file name for the exported file in excel export.
* \#177970 - Now the TreeGrid model will no more overrides the window.model value.





## VS Extensions

### Features
{:#vs-extensions-features}

* \#167707 - Handle Visual Studio Toolbox configuration issues with Syncfusion controls in Syncfusion Troubleshooter(up to Visual Studio 2015).
## XlsIO

### Features
{:#xlsio-features}

* \#171521, 171966 - Provided rich-text support for chart elements in chart to image conversion.
* \#165809 - Provided support for chart series with different markers in chart to image conversion.
* \#152955 - Provided table filters support for the types text, number and date.
* \#175326 - Provided custom IconSets support in Excel to PDF conversion.
* Provided custom sorting support in pivot table.

### Breaking changes
{:#xlsio-breaking-changes}

* The properties `Position` and `Text` are added in `IPivotFieldItem` interface.
* The properties `ShowAutoFilter` and `AutoFilters` are added in `IListObject` interface.
* The method `Sort` is added in `IPivotField` interface.
* The method `RemoveText` is added in `IAutoFilter` interface.

### Bug fixes
{:#xlsio-bug-fixes}

* \#171362 - Date format is maintained while importing data using Template Markers.
* \#171130 - Workbook protection password is maintained while re-saving Excel document.
* \#172188 - Exception thrown while parsing custom properties of Excel document has been resolved.
* \#172449 - Empty string can be assigned to workbook application name.
* \#172619 - Exception thrown while opening an Excel document with more than 32 characters in data validation title has been resolved.
* \#172767 - Exception thrown while opening an Excel document with numeric separators modified has been resolved.
* \#171513 - Applying standard height sets custom height to proper value in XLS document.
* \#95412 - Text rotation for chart axis is applied proper while creating charts.
* \#172748 - Date value "01/01/0001" is considered as string.
* \#171998 - File with empty space in table column header is no more corrupted.
* \#172562 - Data field is now applied proper in pivot table creation.
* \#173466 - Exception while parsing Excel documents with invalid named range in charts has been fixed.
* \#175311 - Exception is no longer thrown while clearing ranges for empty worksheet.
* \#175311 - Exception is no longer thrown while adding external workbook with invalid named ranges.
* \#172529 - Issue with copying external formula string in `CopyTo` method is fixed.
* \#173735 - Issue with copying a cell value with hyperlink is fixed.
* \#173465 - Issue with spaces in hyperlinks is fixed.
* \#173893 - Formula with custom function is updated properly when named range is removed from workbook.
* \#173674 - Row insertion issue in Excel table with "Template Markers" is resolved.
* \#173808 - Data missing issue while re-saving an Excel document is resolved.
* \#166942 - Issue with currency symbols displayed with quotation marks is resolved.
* \#170860 - Performance has been improved while closing a binary Excel document with filters.
* \#171034 - Issue with incorrect table formula while copying a worksheet is resolved.
* \#171130 - Issue with removal of hyperlinks in shapes while resaving Excel document is fixed.
* \#171418 - Number formats are now properly applied in Template Markers.
* \#173568 - Exception will no longer thrown while opening Excel documents with EMF image.
* \#175161 - Issue while accessing chart series with theme colors is fixed.
* \#175311 - Exception will no longer thrown while clearing range from an empty worksheet.
* \#175397 - Issue with incorrect value when a cell is calculated twice is fixed.
* \#175547 - Issue with chart shadow properties is fixed.
* \#175792 - `ListObjects` will now be removed while clearing worksheet data.
* \#175900 - External names are now added proper while copying ranges into another workbook.
* \#175902, 177524 - External names are now added proper while copying worksheets into another workbook.
* \#175941 - Issue with setting visibility to blank item in pivot field is fixed.
* \#176016 - Exception is no longer thrown while resaving Excel document with images from XLS to XLSX format.
* \#176311 - File no longer gets corrupted when rich-text is added with invalid characters.
* \#176381 - Issue with `SetWriteProtection` is resolved now.
* \#176959 - Formatting applied to entire row is now copied properly.
* \#177031 - Issue with collapsed state of button in pivot table is fixed.
* \#177187 - Exception is no longer thrown while adding conditional formats to `RangesCollection`.
* \#171967 - Issue with legend order in chart to image conversion is fixed.
* \#162635, 168229, 171967 - Issue with cropping of chart area in chart to image conversion is fixed.
* \#172502 - Secondary value axis missing issue in chart to image conversion is resolved.
* \#171859 - Chart title with formula is converted properly in chart to image conversion.
* \#171297 - Converting a chart into image with gap width and series overlapping is now equivalent to Microsoft Excel.
* \#171521 - Vertical axis issues in chart to image conversion has been resolved.
* \#170689 - Horizontal scroll bar preserved proper in Excel to HTML conversion.
* \#175932 - Issue with repeated style in Excel to HTML conversion is fixed.
* \#175564 - Issue with highlighting active tab in Excel to HTML conversion is fixed.
* \#175331 - Issue with worksheet tabs visibility when there are more worksheets in Excel to HTML conversion is fixed.
* \#174480 - Issue with text alignment of merged cells in Excel to HTML conversion is fixed.
* \#172941 - Issue with content height while saving a workbook in HTML as a stream is fixed.
* \#175332 - File size issue while converting a workbook with charts into HTML is resolved.
* \#172962 - Prompt is no longer displayed in Internet Explorer while opening Excel to HTML converted files.
* \#176114 - Exception is no longer thrown while converting Excel document with invalid date into PDF.
* \#170287 - Border issue while applying `PrintTitleRow` in Excel to PDF conversion is resolved.
* \#175905 - Performance has been improved while converting a workbook with large number of empty cells into PDF.
* Performance is improved while adding multiple text filters in filters collection.
* Exception is no longer thrown while opening a workbook with `ParseWorksheetsOnDemand` option.
* Exception is no longer thrown while opening Excel documents with invalid formula.
* Exception is no longer thrown while opening workbook with background images.
* Exception is no longer thrown while parsing external worksheets.
* Exception is no longer thrown while opening a workbook with chart using `ParseWorksheetsOnDemand` option.
* Exception is no longer thrown while sorting columns with blank cells.
* Exception is no longer thrown while saving workbook with shapes after `AddCopy`.
* `CalculatedValue` now returns proper time value.
* Filters applied is no longer removed when sorting is applied to a filtered range.
* `TopVisibleRow` and `LeftVisibleColumn` are now applied properly.
* Issue with visibility of comments in binary files is fixed.
* Issue with RTF text in merged cells is fixed.
* Range intersection issue for multiple ranges is resolved.
* Issue with multiple filter range is now resolved.
* Sorting is now applied properly on hidden rows.
* Filter is now applied properly for an empty cell range similar to Microsoft Excel.
* Issue with freeze pane while setting `TopVisibleRow` is fixed.
* Rows are no longer hidden when Excel document with filters are opened and saved.
* Issues with cell border, font style and vertical scroll bar has been fixed.
* Issue with visibility of empty data labels in chart to image conversion is fixed.
* 3D chart rotation perspective has been improved in chart to image conversion.
* Image cropping issue in Excel to HTML conversion is resolved.
* Issue with image position in Excel to HTML conversion is fixed.
* Issue with row height in Excel to HTML conversion is fixed.
* Issues with rich-text format in Excel to HTML conversion is now resolved.
* Issues with table borders in Excel to HTML conversion is now resolved.
* Issue with clipping of print title rows in Excel to PDF conversion is fixed.
* Line missing issue in Excel to PDF conversion if row height is less than text height is resolved.
* Issue with repetition of header text in Excel to PDF conversion is fixed.
* Exception is no longer thrown while converting an Excel document into PDF with header or footer color.
* Exception is no longer thrown while converting an Excel document into PDF with horizontal page breaks.
* Exception is no longer thrown in Excel to PDF conversion while updating table content range.
* Exception is no longer thrown while parsing picture fill properties of chart in Excel to PDF conversion.
* Exception is no longer thrown while parsing chart text area in Excel to PDF conversion.
* Exception is no longer thrown from Print title rows in Excel to PDF conversion.
* Exception is no longer thrown while accessing rich-text properties in Excel to PDF conversion.
* XML exception is no longer thrown while converting Excel document into PDF.
