---
title       : Essential Studio for ASP.NET 2017 Volume 3 Service Pack 1 Release Notes
description : Essential Studio for ASP.NET 2017 Volume 3 Service Pack 1 Release Notes
platform    : aspnet
---

# Essential Studio for ASP.NET Release Notes

{% include release-info.html date=site.releasedate.2017_vol_3_sp1 version=site.version.2017_vol_3_sp1 %} 





## Chart

### Bug Fixes
{:#chart-bug-fixes}

* \#184269 - 100% Stacking Column series type is now rendering properly, when value **cylinder** is specified to [`ColumnFacet`](https://help.syncfusion.com/api/js/ejchart#members:series-columnfacet) property.

## DocIO

### Breaking Changes
{:#DocIO-breaking-changes}
* `WordDocument.Background.Type` property will not return the value `NoBackground`, if show background in print layout view option is disabled and valid background is defined.  In this case make use of new property `WordDocument.Settings.DisplayBackgrounds` to check whether show background in print layout view option is enabled or disabled.

### Bug Fixes
{:#DocIO-bug-fixes}

* \#184513 - Formula fields are updated properly while calling UpdateDocumentFields() method.
* \#183656 - `NullReferenceException` will no longer thrown while closing a particular Word document.
* \#183819 - `NullReferenceException` will no longer thrown while setting WMergeField.FieldName property.
* \#184348 - `NullReferenceException` will no longer thrown while parsing Word document which contains shapes.
* \#183627 - Document background color is preserved properly while resaving a particular Word document.
* \#182050 - Page orientation will be preserved properly while resaving a particular Word document.
* \#183778 - Table will be no longer overlapped while converting a particular Word document as PDF.
* \#183038 - No longer hangs while converting a particular Word document as PDF.
* \#182958, \#184115 - `NullReferenceException` will no longer thrown while converting a particular Word document as PDF.
* \#184228, \#182740 - `OutOfMemoryException` will no longer thrown while converting a particular Word document as PDF.
* \#183100 - Horizontal position of RTL text is preserved properly while converting a particular Word document as PDF.
* \#183007, \#184047 - No longer hangs while calling UpdateDocumentFields() method for a particular Word document.
* \#182382 - Text missing and page count issues has been resolved while converting a particular Word document as PDF.
* \#183879 - Table is now positioned properly while converting a particular Word document as PDF.
* \#182992 - `NullReferenceException` will no longer thrown while converting a Word document to PDF after calling UpdateDocumentFields() method.
* \#185358 - Text color is preserved properly in the text box while converting a particular Word document as PDF.

## Gantt

### Features
{:#gantt-features}
* \#F132012, 185158 – Now the milestones in a project are positioned accordingly to the provided date and time values.
* \#185087 - Now the validation support has been provided for the predecessor values to ignore the incorrect entries.

### Bug Fixes
{:#gantt-bug-fixes}

* \#184956 – PDF export issue with custom toolbar item has been fixed.
* \#184686 – Issue in excel export with duration as float type has been fixed.

## Grid

### Bug Fixes
{:#grid-bug-fixes}

*  \#184796 - `batchSave()` works fine with checkbox selection
*  \#184377 - The issue "externally created pdf document is not reflect on exported document" has been fixed.
*  \#184527 - When performing `clearSearching()` the `checkSelectedRowsIndexes` is reset properly.
## PDF

### Bug Fixes
{:#pdf-bug-fixes} 

*	\#185884 - Empty page is not created, when merging particular PDF document.
*	\#185705, 183560 - Text is now preserving properly, when converting particular XPS document to PDF.
*	\#185722 - PDF document with Adobe flash is now merging properly.
*	\#182001 - Form fields are not duplicated, when load and save the PDF document.
*	\#185460 - Attachment collection is not empty, when loading a particular PDF document.
*	\#185098 - Exception no longer occurs when merging particular PDF document.
*	\#184712 - The document keywords are not duplicated when using commas along with keyword.
*	\#184488 - Null reference exception no longer occurs when signing existing PDF document.
*	\#183595 - `ArgumentOutOfRange` exception is no longer occurs when importing pages from a particular PDF document.
*	\#182438 - Named destinations are now preserving properly, when adding to the existing PDF document.
*	\#183375 - Exception will not be thrown when converting a particular XPS Document to PDF.
*	\#183112 - `PdfConformance` exception does not occur, when merging normal document with PDF conformance document.
*	\#182417 - Annotation are now removing properly from `PdfLoadedPage`.
* Signature fields are not duplicating when loading and saving the signed PDF.
* Form fields are not empty when loading and saving the PDF document.
* `PopUp` annotation is preserving properly after flattening.
* PDF documents are now compressing properly when using JBIG2 encoding.
## PDF viewer


### Bug Fixes
{:#pdfviewer-bug-fixes}

* \#183878 - The text box form fields are now preserve multiline text.
* \#184731 - The height of the viewer container has been updated when the toolbar is hidden. 
* \#184731 - The [`serviceUrl`](https://help.syncfusion.com/api/js/ejpdfviewer#serviceurl-string) property has been updated properly while setting it after control initialization.
* \#184325 - The color of the page content is now preserved when exporting it as image. 



## PivotGrid

### Features
{:#pivotgrid-features}

* \#183869 – Server side event is triggered for “cellEdit” event.
## Presentation

### Bug Fixes
{:#presentation-bug-fixes}
* \#184456 - Background color of the text box will be preserved properly while converting the PowerPoint presentation to PDF.
* \#184967 - `ArgumentOutOfRangeException` will not be thrown while cloning a PowerPoint slide with pie chart.
* \#182963 - `FontSize` property of `Font` class will now return the correct value.
* \#185237 - The shape name will be preserved like Microsoft PowerPoint, while creating new slide from an existing layout slide.
* \#185236 - The shapes in the footer will be preserved properly while creating new slide from an existing layout slide.
## ReportViewer

### Bug Fixes    
{:#reportviewer-bug-fixes}

* \#178733 - Background color value issue is resolved for tablix cell.

* \#182040 - Resolved the multi-value parameter issue when the visibility is hidden.

* \#178733 - Now, the zooming functionality is working properly in Microsoft Edge browser.

* \#186200, #186136 - Resolved null reference exception for tooltip localization text.

## TextBoxes

### Features
{:#textboxes-features}

* \#182613 - We have provided the option to allow the decimal places without any limit.

## TreeGrid

### Features
{:#treegrid-features}
* \#183625 - Now the drop positions insertAbove, insertBelow and insertAsChild while dragging a row will be available in the rowDrag event arguments.
## TreeView

### Features
{:#treeview-features}

* \#184008 – Provided nested object support in TreeView fields. That helps to map the complex data from data source.

### Breaking Changes
{:#treeview-breaking-changes}

* \#182105 - In previous, when we pass a single node with a parentID and target to addNode method, the node will append to the parentID’s node and currently node will append in to the target.
## XlsIO

### Breaking changes
{:#xlsio-breaking-changes}

* \#185530, 185561 - Exposed an API `Name` to get OLE object name in `IOleObject` class.

### Bug fixes
{:#xlsio-bug-fixes}

* \#F132160 - Support is provided to change header label while importing data.
* \#181134 - Performance issue in converting Excel document into PDF with conditional formats is fixed.
* \#182915 - Issue with borders being cleared while merging cells is fixed.
* \#183016 - Issue with cell text casing while setting number format is fixed.
* \#183332 - Issue with conditional format is not preserved which has formula as another worksheet range, is fixed.
* \#183361 - Marker color gets changed on resave is fixed.
* \#183369 - Exception is no longer thrown on assigning the scatter chart category axis properties.
* \#183445 - Exception is no longer thrown while inserting rows in XLS format file.
* \#183738 - Performance issue while opening Excel file with multiple charts is fixed.
* \#183799 - Issue while setting print title rows for binary files is fixed.
* \#183807 - `CopyTo()` method is not working properly after applying AutoFilters is fixed.
* \#184328 - Exception is no longer thrown while applying data validation through `ListOfValues` property.
* \#184407 - Index out of range exception is thrown while setting RTF text is resolved.
* \#184407 - Key not found exception is thrown while setting RTF text is resolved.
* \#184540 - Binary Excel file gets corrupted while copying range with conditional formats is fixed.
* \#184569 - Cell value with comma character is changed while saving in CSV format is fixed.
* \#184894 - Exception is no longer thrown while adding `IconSet` multiple times.
* \#185139 - Argument exception is no longer thrown while coping worksheet with EMF images.
* \#185527 - Application hanging issue while opening the Excel file with table is resolved.
* \#184160 - Issue with incorrect margin values on resave is fixed.
* \#184801 - Issue with incorrect currency format in Excel to PDF conversion is fixed.
* Sorting (descending order) is not working properly when filtering a column is fixed.
* Issue with copy and paste of formatted cells is fixed.
* Issue with `IsBestFit` property while accessing the `SetColumnWithPixes` method is fixed.
* Stack overflow exception is no longer thrown while accessing `RefersToRange` property.
* Argument exception is no longer thrown while copying one range to another range with styles.
* Argument exception is no longer thrown when sorting filtered numbers in descending order.
* The old and new cell values are validated on copy/paste through `ValueChanged` event.
* AutoFit is now proper when text in the input file contains line feed and wrap text is set to false.
* Performance issue in filtering when sheet has comments is fixed.
* Exception is no longer thrown when coping the define names between different workbooks.
* Exception is no longer throw when cloning shape during `AddCopy()` method.
* Exception is no longer thrown while accessing table range using formula token.
* Calculated column formula is not updated during `AddCopy()` is fixed.
* Null reference exception is no longer thrown while serializing conditional formats during `AddCopy()`.
* Issue with `ColorRGB` in `Borders` is fixed.




