---
title       : Essential Studio for ASP.NET 2017 Volume 1 Release Notes
description : Essential Studio for ASP.NET 2017 Volume 1 Release Notes
platform    : aspnet
---

# Essential Studio for ASP.NET Release Notes

{% include release-info.html date=site.releasedate.2017_vol_1 version=site.version.2017_vol_1 %} 





## Accordion

### Bug fixes
{:#accordion-bug-fixes}

* \#166539, #127569, #168009 - The issue "ej-templated controls content component not rendered inside updatepanel during post back" has been fixed.
## Chart

### Features
{:#chart-features}

* Provided support to render box and whisker series type.

### Bug fixes
{:#chart-bug-fixes} 
 
* \#167590 - [`Type`](https://help.syncfusion.com/api/js/ejchart#members:exportsettings-type) property in export settings is now getting serialized.
* \#167748 - Issue with Tooltip [`template`](https://help.syncfusion.com/api/js/ejchart#members:series-tooltip-template) flickering, when its content overflow the chart area is fixed now.

## CircularGauge

### Bug Fixes
{:#circulargauge-bug-fixes}


* \#167727 - Gradient color for ranges and pointers are now working properly.

## Diagram

### Bug fixes
{:#diagram-bug-fixes}

* \#168698 - Exception raised while connecting BPMN DataObject shape to any other shapes is fixed.

### Features
{:#diagram-features}

* \#157418,\#161103 - Hyperlink support for nodes and connectors is added.
* \#161002,\#162696,\#154120 - Support to export the diagram into image format with stretch option is provided.
* \#166357 - Support to export the diagram into multiple pages/images is added.
* \#143359,\#153194,\#153251 - Support to render the label in SVG layer is provided.
* \#168204 - ImageUrl support for context menu items is added.
* Overflow support for label is added.
* Built-in support for UML activity shapes is provided.
## DocIO

### Features
{:#DocIO-features}
* \#116079, \#164831, \#164861, \#167358 - Provided RTL text preservation support in Word to PDF and Image conversion.
* \#122928, \#149937, \#153104, \#159260, \#163792, \#165376, \#167838, \#166859 - Provided support for Textbox with AutoFit layout in Word to PDF conversion.
* \#114697, \#138846, \#153104, \#164784 - Provided support for Picture bullet preservation in Word to PDF conversion.

### Bug Fixes
{:#DocIO-bug-fixes}

* \#165843 - List number preservation issue has been resolved while importing a particular Word document.
* \#166885 - StackOverflowException will no longer thrown while updating document fields for a particular Word document.
* \#166995 - Highlight color is now preserved properly for the justify aligned paragraph in Word to PDF conversion.
* \#167138, \#168028, \#169173, \#171615 - Page number is now preserved properly while updating table of contents for a particular Word document.
* \#167189 - IndexOutOfRangeException will no longer thrown while retrieving the bookmark contents.
* \#167194 - Row splitting issue has been resolved while converting a particular Word document as PDF. 
* \#167333, \#167559 - Before spacing preservation issue has been resolved while converting a particular Word document as PDF.
* \#167333 - Textbox is now preserved properly while converting a particular Word document as PDF.
* \#167448, \#171785, \#168567, \#169358, \#169791 - NullReferenceException will no longer thrown while converting a particular Word document as PDF.
* \#167559 - No longer hangs while converting a particular Word document as PDF.
* \#167568 - File is no longer corrupted while resaving a particular DOCX format document.
* \#167568, \#167582 - NullReferenceException will no longer thrown while opening a particular DOCX format document.
* \#167585, \#169115, \#167805, \#168097, \#169115 - Text splitting issue has been resolved while converting a particular Word document as PDF.
* \#167600 - ArgumentException will no longer thrown while opening a particular DOCX format document.
* \#167794, \#167934 - NullReferenceException will no longer thrown while replacing the bookmark contents.
* \#167798 - Frame preservation issue has been resolved while converting a particular DOC format document as PDF.
* \#167838 - Table indent preservation issue has been resolved while converting a particular RTF format document as PDF.
* \#167831 - No longer hangs while updating table of contents for a particular HTML format document.
* \#167888, \#167559 - Column break preservation issue has been resolved while converting a particular Word document as PDF.
* \#167934 - `TextFormField` is now preserved properly while inserting a bookmark content using `ReplaceBookmarkContent` API.
* \#168028 - IndexOutOfRangeException will no longer thrown while opening a particular DOCX format document.
* \#167559 - Frame missing issue has been resolved while converting a particular DOC format document as PDF.
* \#167559 - Page splitting issue has been resolved while converting a particular Word document as PDF.
* \#167559 - Image position is now preserved properly while converting a particular Word document as PDF.
* \#167559 - Paragraph left indent preservation issue has been resolved while converting a particular Word document as PDF.
* \#167559 - Table row is now preserved properly while converting a particular Word document as PDF.
* \#167559 - Tab splitting issue has been resolved while converting a particular Word document as PDF.
* \#167559 - Paragraph fill color preservation issue has been resolved while converting a particular Word document as PDF.
* \#167559 - Text alignment issue has been resolved while converting a particular Word document as PDF.
* \#168166, \#169707 - Merge field values are now preserved properly while executing Mail merge using `ExecuteNestedGroup` method.
* \#168567, \#167794 - NullReferenceException no longer thrown while manipulating bookmarks using `BookmarksNavigator` API.
* \#168733 - Text fill color overlapping issue has been resolved while converting a particular RTF format document as PDF.
* \#168733 - Horizontal cell merging issue has been resolved while converting a particular RTF format document as PDF.
* \#167559, \#168961, \#169115 - Before spacing issue has been resolved while converting a particular DOCX format document as PDF.
* \#168961, \#169115 - Empty space preservation issue has been resolved while converting a particular DOC format document as PDF.
* \#168961, \#169115 - Structured Document Tag Content missing issue has been resolved while converting a particular DOCX format document as PDF.
* \#168983 - IndexOutOfRangeException issue will no longer thrown while converting a particular Word document as PDF.
* \#169058 - No longer hangs while updating document fields for a particular Word document.
* \#169061, \#169791, \#171785 - Character spacing issue has been resolved while converting a particular Word document as PDF.
* \#169173, \#171615 - Page number is now preserved properly while updating table of contents for a particular Word document.
* \#169188 - Watermark preservation issue has been resolved while converting a particular Word document as PDF.
* \#169549 - Font size preservation issue has been resolved while replacing the text in a particular Word document.
* \#169791 - Paragraph position preservation issue has been resolved while converting a particular Word document as PDF.
* \#169791 - Text overlapping issue has been resolved while converting a particular DOC format document as PDF.
* \#170696 - Nested table cell width preservation issue has been resolved while resaving a particular DOCX format document.
* \#171615 - FormatException will no longer thrown while opening a particular Word document.
## DropDownList

### Bug fixes
{:#dropdownlist-bug-fixes}

* \#165858, #163735 - The issue "Data binding issue occurs when updating the value of DropDownList after editing in form view" has been resolved.
* \#169328, #171239, #171401 - The issue "Text and value field not maintained properly during post back in DropDownList" has been rectified.
* \#168852 - Added HTML Attribute property for DropDownList control.
## Gantt

### Features
{:#ejgantt-features}

* \#167672 – Now it is possible to set the position of the newly added row using the `EditSettings.RowPosition` property.
* \#166335, \#168662 – Now it is possible to update the resource collection at run time.
* \#170609 – Now it is possible to change the start day of the week in week timescale mode using the `ScheduleHeaderSettings.WeekStartDay` property.
*	Now it possible to change the timescale unit size across all the timescale modes using `ScheduleHeaderSettings.TimescaleUnitSize` property.
* \#169242 - Now it is possible to edit the baseline start and end date columns.
* \#169242 - Now baselines will lie in the working hours of a project if the time information is not provided in the baseline dates.
*	Now it is possible to change the taskbar height using the `TaskbarHeight` property.
 

### Bug Fixes
{:#ejgantt-bug-fixes}

* \#168361 – Issue with localizing the predecessor type texts in add/edit dialogs has been fixed.
* \#168361 – Issue with localizing the predecessor type texts in add/edit dialogs has been fixed.
* \#169453, \#170498, \#171358– Alignment issues in Gantt when changing the zooming levels in browser has been fixed.
* \#170059 – Issue with row drag event not canceling has been fixed.
* \#169913 – Issue with Gantt not rendering while referring jQuery version 1.10.2 has been fixed.
* \#168361 – Localization support has been provided for the predecessor type field in add/edit dialogs.

## Grid

### Bug Fixes
{:#grid-bug-fixes}

* \#I170717- Script error has been cleared when using the `TemplateID` in `CustomToolbarItems` on postback.
## GroupButton

### Bug fixes
{:#groupbutton-bug-fixes}

* \#167326 - Now server side model updated properly in post-back event of GroupButton.
* \#171139 - In GroupButton, server model of selected item now available in postback event when connected to a local data source.
## HeatMap

### Features
{:#heatmap-features}

* Tooltip support for HeatMap control is added.
## Kanban

### Features
{:#kanban-features}

* Responsiveness support improved for Tablet mode.

## ListView

### Bug fixes
{:#listview-bug-fixes}

* \#171153 - Issue with triggering server side event for MouseDown action ListView control have been fixed.
## Menu

### Features
{:#menu-features}

* \#162041 Enhanced responsive support for Menu based on desktop and mobile mode.
* Provided API overflowHeight and overflowWidth for setting height and width of overflow popup.
* Provided events for overflow popup open and close.

## PDF

### Features
{:#pdf-features}

* \#164992- Added support for rendering HTML content directly without the usage of 'PdfTemplate'.
* \#169205 - Added support for accessing polygon annotation points.


### Bug Fixes
{:#pdf-bug-fixes} 

* \`PdfGrid` cells are now preserved properly based on the column span.
* \#166940- NullReferenceException is no longer be thrown while drawing text to the particular PDF document.
* \#168422- ArgumentOutOfRangeException is no longer thrown while drawing text in particular `PdfLoadedDocument` instance.
* \# 165345, 168250- Form field values has been preserved properly while filling with large text. 
* \#168281- Syntax issue is no longer thrown in preflight with the particular PDF document created. 
* \#167608- Text is now preserved properly when flattening the form fields. 
* \#168228- Text positions are now properly preserved when flattening the form fields. 
* \#167014- ArgumentOutOfRangeException is no longer thrown while flattening the PDF form fields. 
* \#168225- Bookmark destination is now preserved properly while loading the PDF document.
* \#166308- Texts are now preserved properly while drawing using MS Mincho font.
* \#166947- Images are now loaded properly while converting from HTML to PDF using IE rendering engine. 
* \#167965- Syntax issue is no longer thrown in preflight with the concurrently OCRed PDF document. 
* \#167798- AccessViolationException is no longer thrown when converting from EMF to PDF. 
* \#168341, 164992- File size of the PDF is reduced when converting from HTML to PDF. 
* \#167333- Picture border is now preserved properly while converting from EMF to PDF. 
* \#151048- Text positions are now properly preserved when converting from EMF to PDF. 
* \#167263- PDF document will be no longer corrupted while converting from XPS to PDF more than once.
* \#167933- Text content is no longer clipped while converting from XPS document to PDF.
* \#168743 - Exception will not be thrown when `ShowHeader` property is set to true in `PdfLightTable`
* \#168654 - Page reference will not be wrong in Text box field collection.
* \#168269 - Image will be visible properly in particular PDF page.
* \#168227 - Exception will not be thrown while flattening the Form fields.
* \#168762 - Text will be properly visible when drawn at 0,0 in PDF.
* \#170183 - `PdfAttachment` will not be null when loading the particular PDF document.
* \#170571 - Text will be properly wrapped in `PdfCell`.
* \#170953 - `PdfCode128Barcode` will accept special characters.
* \#171136 - Bookmarks will not have null destination while loading PDF document.
* \#171136 - Links will be preserved properly between bookmark and named destination.
* \#170126 - Chinese characters will be preserved properly when flattening the form fields
* \#170241 - PDF content will not be missed when load and save the particular document.
* \#168491, 169115 - Font issue will not be occur in Word to PDF converted document in Mac OS.
* \#168165 - Font weight will be applied properly in HTML to PDF conversion.
* \#168177 - Exception will not be thrown while converting Word to PDF.
* \#168961, 169115 - Text will be preserved properly in Word to PDF conversion.
* \#167965 - Temporary files will not be crashed when OCRing particular text document.
* \#170573 - Bold text will be preserved properly when converting Word to PDF.
* \#170241 - `PdfPage` background color will be preserved properly after removing security from the particular PDF document.
* Signature never gets failed when signing the document using author category.
* Image will be preserved properly while converting HTML to PDF using IE rendering engine.

## PDF Viewer

### Features
{:#ejpdfviewer-features}

* \#167519 – Provided support for rendering the rotated pages.
* \#164080 - Provided support for the texture brush rendering.
* \#165409, #168750 – Provided support for initializing PDF viewer control with PDF document name.
* \#170781 - Provided support for unloading the PDF document being displayed.
* \#170826 - Provided support for alert the user if the PDF document has been edited.


### Bug Fixes
{:#pdfviewer-bug-fixes}

* \#165666 - Text elements are rendering properly while exporting the particular PDF document pages as images.
* \#166120 - Images are rendering properly in a particular PDF document.
* \#168409 - Horizontal scroll bar will be disabled whenever the width of the PDF document page is smaller than the width of the PDF viewer control.
* \#165087 – Form field textbox borders are aligned properly on loading the PDF document containing form fields in the PDF viewer control.
* \#168244 - Memory consumption was optimized on loading the PDF document as stream.
* \#168896 - The missing parameters for the methods are added and typo issues for the properties of the PDF viewer control are fixed.
* \#170217 - The waiting popup get hidden properly while resizing the PDF viewer control.
* \#169954 - The dropdown fields are rendered properly in the correct position.
* \#170393 - Script error is no longer been thrown when enter key is pressed for long time in Text search. 
* \#169984 - The toolbox filtering for the PDF viewer control is now working properly.


## PivotChart

### Features
{:#pivotchart-features}

* \#166399, #167266 - Provided object binding support in model for all Pivot controls working in server mode.
## PivotClient

### Features
{:#pivotclient-features}

* \#166399, #167266 - Provided object binding support in model for all Pivot controls working in server mode.
*  Provided size option to render PivotClient in various size by default. 


## PivotGauge

### Features
{:#pivotgauge-features}

* \#166399, #167266 - Provided object binding support in model for all Pivot controls working in server mode.
## PivotGrid

### Features
{:#pivotgrid-features}

* \#165252 - Expand/collapse support during filter and sort operations has been provided for OLAP data source in server mode. 
* \#142406, #143465 - Support for sorting columns and rows by value has been provided for relational data source in client mode. 
* \#166399, #167266 - Provided object binding support in model for all Pivot controls working in server mode.
*  Excel-like advance filtering support has been provided for relational data source in server mode. 

## PivotTreeMap `Preview`

The PivotTreeMap control lets the user to visualize OLAP data in the form of nested nodes in hierarchical order with the ability to drill up and down.

### Features
{:#pivottreemap-features}

* \#166399, #167266 - Provided object binding support in model for all Pivot controls working in server mode.
## Presentation

### Features
{:#presentation-features}
* \#166068 - Added support to modify the .PPTM, .POTX and .POTM file formats
* \#168251 - Added support to create and modify sections in PowerPoint presentations
* \#171169 - Added support to create and modify hyperlinks in PowerPoint presentations

### Breaking Changes
{:#presentation-breaking-changes}
* Clone method is moved from `ITable` interface to `ISlideItem` interface
* \#167997 - The property `InvertIfNegative` is now added into `IOfficeChartSerie` interface
* \#169437 - The property `NumberFormat` is now added into `IOfficeChartDataLabels` interface

### Bug Fixes
{:#presentation-bug-fixes}
* \#168870 - Bubble size is now updated properly in charts while creating the PowerPoint presentations
* \#168101 - Data range will be now updated properly while adding data to an existing chart in a PowerPoint presentation
* \#167717 - The application will no longer become unresponsive while opening a particular PowerPoint presentation with tables
* \#171147 - The images are now replaced as expected in PowerPoint slides
* \#170852 - Invalid cast exception will be no longer thrown while opening the PowerPoint presentation with a handout master
* \#169437 - `NumberFormat` property is now added in `IOfficeChartDataLabels` interface to enable data label with a percentage symbol in charts
* \#169379 - PowerPoint presentation will no longer get corrupted while merging two PowerPoint presentations have same theme files
* \#170272 - Format exception will be no longer thrown while merging slides from one presentation to another presentation
* \#168581 - Null reference exception will be no longer thrown while converting PowerPoint slides with tables having specific themes
* \#167554 - Null reference exception will be no longer thrown while converting a particular PowerPoint presentation as PDF document
* \#168836 - Text box rotation is now preserved properly while performing PowerPoint presentation to PDF or image conversions
* \#168836 - Tab space is now preserved properly while performing PowerPoint presentation to PDF or image conversions
* \#168535 - Gradient color is preserved properly while performing PowerPoint presentation to PDF or image conversions
* \#168663 - Invalid cast exception will be no longer thrown while converting the PowerPoint presentation having line chart
* \#171203 - Index out of range exception will be no longer thrown while converting particular PowerPoint presentation to PDF document
## ProgressBar

### Bug fixes
{:#progressbar-bug-fixes}

* \#168325- Change event has been included in server side events of ProgressBar.
## Rating

### Bug fixes
{:#rating-bug-fixes}

* \#168852 - Added HTML Attribute property for Rating control.
## ReportViewer
### Features
* \#162640 – Provided exporting support using Web Components in EJ ReportViewer.

### Bug Fixes    
{:#reportviewer-bug-fixes}
* \#168438 - Now, padding has been applied properly for Textbox ReportItem.
* \#169495 - The missing page setup localization text has been added in ReportViewer locale file.
* \#168598 – The Shared Datasource reports are working fine while drill through actions.
* \#168438 – Now, Textbox borders are applied properly in Textbox ReportItem.
* \#168438 - Fixed the textbox alignment issue with chrome browser.
* \#170045 - Now, Chart data label format will work properly when specify the label format.
* \#170601 - Now, Condition expressions are working fine in Tablix Group visibility.
## Ribbon

### Features
{:#ribbon-features}

* Backstage horizontal scrolling support provided.
* QAT independent support provided without mentioning in tab controls.

## Schedule

### Bug Fixes
{:#schedule-bug-fixes} 

* \#171564 - `ShowTimeZoneFields` property is working correctly.

### Breaking Changes
{:#schedule-breakingchanges}

* To improve the performance of the Scheduler's initial rendering, we have changed the rendering order of the appointment window. Therefore, to customize the default appointment window - we suggest to provide the necessary customization codes within the `AppointmentWindowOpen` event instead of `Create` event.
## Slider

### Breaking changes	
{:#slider-breaking-changes}

* In previous, the slider handle was out bound from the slider wrapper. Now based on the handle size, slider wrapper size extends up to the slider handle.
## Spreadsheet

### Features
{:#spreadsheet-features}

* Provided support for freeze panes in virtualization.

### Bug fixes
{:#spreadsheet-bug-fixes}

* \#171430 - Performance issue with horizontal scrolling in IE is fixed.
* \#168688 - Provided event for sheet rename and move sheet.
* \#168343 - Provided options to prevent alert dialogs.
* \#167734 - Provided undo redo support for custom operations.
* \#167734 - Provided event for refresh Spreadsheet.
* \#167077 - Provided options for getting chart ID.
* \#166544 - Provided support to drag fill formula for absolute and mixed cell references.
* \#169056 - Provided API for getting cell address in Spreadsheet.
* \#170957 - Provided an option for add and update chart title dynamically.
* \#170928 - Provided support for setting dropdown datasource from another sheet.
* \#171742 - Provided client side event for scroll stop.
* \#169546, 169961 - Provided client side event for custom parameters while exporting.
* \#167915 - Provided event handler for exporting.

### Breaking changes
{:#spreadsheet-breaking-changes}

*  [`freezePanes`](https://help.syncfusion.com/api/js/ejspreadsheet#methods:xlfreeze-freezepanes) public method parameters are updated.
## Sunburst Chart `Preview`

{:#sunburstchart-feature}

A new Sunburst chart has been added for visualizing hierarchical data. The center circle represents the root level in the hierarchy, with outer circles representing higher levels of the hierarchy.

### Key Features

*	Visualize hierarchical data
*	Data label support for better readability
*	Interactively select or highlight segments.
*	Interactive legend
*	Colors can be customized

## Tab

### Bug fixes
{:#tab-bug-fixes}

* \#166539, #127569, #168009 - The issue "ej-templated controls content component not rendered inside updatepanel during post back" has been fixed.
## Textboxes

### Bug Fixes
{:#textboxes-bug-fixes}

* \#168852- In ASP.NET, updated the “HtmlAttributes” of EJ Textbox control.
## Toolbar


### Features 
{:#Toolbar-features}

* Provided events for overflow popup open and close.
* Provided API responsiveType to change the responsive type as required.


## TreeGrid

### Features
{:#ejtreegrid-features}

* \#166951- The load time performance in rendering large data has been improved.
* \#161198, \#162711 – Provided support for binding nested properties in the data source to columns.
* \#161858 – Now the `recordClick` event will be triggered while clicking the records, and this event will be triggered even when disabling row selection.
*	Now the support for reordering columns using touch action has been provided.


### Bug Fixes
{:#ejtreegrid-bug-fixes}

* \#169042 – Issue with canceling the `rowSelecting` event has been fixed.
* \#167332 – Now in row editing mode, the cell which is being clicked will get focused, instead of first cell of the row.
* \#167863 – Issue with tooltip not rendering when displaying TreeGrid within Dialog has been fixed.
* \#170107, \#171098 - Issue while dynamically updating data source using setModel has been fixed.
* \#169227 – Issue with editing string with special character has been fixed.
* \#170958 - Now the console error will not occur, while expanding a specific hierarchy level using `expandAtLevel` public method.
* \#171091 – Issue with column filtering with multiple filter values has been fixed.
* \#128386 – Issue while reordering column when some text is selected in the browser has been fixed.

## TreeMap

### Features
{:#treemap-features}

* \#162007, \#166239, \#164857 - Provided support to bind the hierarchical data source to the treemap.

## XlsIO

### Features
{:#xlsio-features}

* Provided support to import data from Microsoft GridView and DataGrid controls.
* Provided support to add HTML rich-text string in Excel cells.
* Provided support to export hidden rows and columns into DataTable.
* Provided support to export charts alone from worksheets into PDF.
* Provided support to export Excel 2016 charts into PDF.

### Breaking changes
{:#xlsio-breaking-changes}

* The methods `ImportDataGrid` and `ImportGridView` are added in `IWorksheet` interface.
* The property `HtmlString` is added in `IRange` interface.

### Bug fixes
{:#xlsio-bug-fixes}

* \#166572 - Issues with RTF text in Korean culture is fixed.
* \#166760 - Exception while parsing pivot cache definition is no longer thrown.
* \#166820 - Exception while parsing conditional formats with invalid formula is no longer thrown.
* \#167141 - File corruption issue while resaving a workbook with improper attribute has been fixed.
* \#167392 - Exception is no longer thrown while parsing Excel document with dialog sheets.
* \#167478 - Exception is no longer thrown while assigning value in Russian culture.
* \#167592 - Creation of duplicate cell value while assigning value to a single cell has been fixed.
* \#167735 - Corruption issue with shapes having multiple "=" characters is fixed.
* \#167754 - Moving ranges will also move comment shapes to proper location.
* \#167812 - Parse exception is no longer thrown while resaving Excel document with invalid named ranges in conditional formats.
* \#167857 - Not a legal OleAut date exception is no longer thrown while accessing display text with switching arguments in different cultures.
* \#167940 - Exception is no longer thrown while measuring size of an empty string in a cell. 
* \#168768 - Argument exception is no longer thrown while invoking `EnableSheetCalculations` twice.
* \#168440 - Color issue in data points while converting 3D charts into image has been fixed.
* \#167944, \#167945 - Exception is no longer thrown while parsing a binary Excel document with invalid extended format index.
* \#168804 - Argument null exception is no longer thrown while applying template markers in different cultures.
* \#170164 - Application no longer hangs while saving empty worksheet as CSV.
* \#170017 - Dropdown is no longer deleted while resaving workbook twice.
* \#169558 - Changing font size will not alter CheckBox position.
* \#169650 - Application no longer hangs while parsing pivot chart extension list.
* \#168730 - Parsing Excel document with "$" in auto filter's address no longer throws exception.
* \#168996 - Overflow exception is no longer thrown while writing cell text with the string "infinity".
* \#168659 - Argument exception is no longer thrown while parsing external workbook address in binary format.
* \#168084 - Argument out of range exception is no longer thrown while deleting a row from `RowStorage`.
* \#170857 - Exception is no longer thrown while parsing shared strings relationship with end tag.
* \#170511 - Stack overflow exception is no longer thrown while parsing Excel document with not equal condition in filters.
* \#170647 - `RefersToRange` address with comma returns proper value.
* \#171107 - Integer variant type in custom document property is now serialized with valid tag.
* \#146066 - Copying charts from Excel 2013 documents will no longer be corrupted.
* \#163337 - Opening Excel document with pivot table element "AutoSortScope" no more hangs. 
* \#167941 - Format exception is no longer thrown while converting Excel document into PDF in Russian culture.
* \#167944 - Argument out of range exception is no longer thrown while converting an empty Excel worksheet into PDF.
* \#168660 - Null reference exception is no longer thrown while converting Excel document with pivot table into PDF.
* \#169183 - Scatter chart axis is properly rendered in Excel chart to image conversion.
* \#169104 - Trendline is properly rendered in Excel chart to image conversion.
* \#167942 - Exception is no longer thrown while accessing invalid header and footer string in Excel to PDF conversion.
* \#167938 - Index out of range exception is no longer thrown while accessing a row beyond the row limit in Excel to PDF conversion.
* \#167936 - Exception is no longer thrown while converting an Excel document with unknown named range into PDF.
* \#170840 - 24-hour time format issue has been fixed in Excel to PDF conversion.
* \#165809 - Legend entry of a deleted chart no more shown in Excel to PDF conversion.
* \#170496 - Chart legend referred to merged cells will be visible in image conversion.
* \#169680 - Charts with same name no more replaced in Excel to HTML conversion.
* \#168481 - Cell borders with tint and theme color is preserved proper in Excel to PDF conversion.
* \#168481 - Embedded font in PDF header is enabled while converting.
* \#162207 - Issue with repeated print title rows is fixed in Excel to PDF conversion.
* Issue with font color in migrant range has been fixed.
* Issue with improper 3D material values in charts has been fixed.
* Cloning workbook with 3D charts no more throws exception.
* Exception thrown while reading a cell with more than 7 digits as DateTime is fixed.
* Exception thrown while converting `TimeSpan` value into PDF is fixed.
* Exception thrown while applying conditional formula "Days360" into PDF is fixed.
* Exception thrown while populating pivot table with styles in Excel to PDF conversion is fixed.
* Exception thrown while setting invalid hyperlink in PDF conversion is fixed.
* Exception thrown while drawing header/footer with discontinuous range in PDF conversion is fixed.
* Exception thrown while converting a workbook into PDF with comments alone is fixed.
* Exception thrown while converting a document into PDF with invalid print area is fixed.
* Exception thrown while applying conditional formats formula with error value in PDF conversion is fixed.

