---
title       : Essential Studio for ASP.NET 2017 Volume 3 Service Pack 2 Release Notes
description : Essential Studio for ASP.NET 2017 Volume 3 Service Pack 2 Release Notes
platform    : aspnet
---

# Essential Studio for ASP.NET Release Notes

{% include release-info.html date=site.releasedate.2017_vol_3_sp2 version=site.version.2017_vol_3_sp2 %} 





## DataManager

### Bug Fixes	
{:#datamanager-bug-fixes}

* \#186827 - "Exception is thrown while using Server side events in the Grid" issue has been fixed.
## DocIO

### Breaking Changes
{:#DocIO-breaking-changes}
* \#186150 - `IsMaxCross` property is set to true and secondary axis is added to the right side of the chart, while adding new secondary chart axis. You can set the `IsMaxCross` property to false, to add secondary axis on the left side.

### Bug Fixes
{:#DocIO-bug-fixes}

* \#186310 - Paragraph is preserved properly while resaving a particular RTF document as DOC format document.
* \#187463 - `KeyNotFoundException` is no longer thrown while importing a particular Word document.
* \#184941 - Bulleted list is preserved properly while merging multiple documents.
* \#186150 - Document protection is preserved properly while resaving DOCX document to DOCX.
* \#184955 - The Word document is no longer corrupted while setting the DateTime value as chart data.
* \#186983 - Chart series is preserved properly in chart to image conversion.
* \#186982 - Image is preserved properly while converting a particular Word document as PDF in EnableFastRendering mode.
* \#182997 - Tab content is preserved properly while converting a particular Word document as PDF.
* \#186087, \#186252 - RTL text is inverted improperly while converting a particular Word document as PDF.
* \#186496, \#183778, \#185121 - Hanging issue has been resolved while converting a particular Word document as PDF.
* \#185858 - List number is preserved properly while converting a particular Word document as PDF.
* \#185247 - RTL table cell is preserved properly while converting a particular Word document as PDF.
* \#184961 - Floating table is preserved properly while converting a particular Word document as PDF.
* \#183778 - Shape vertical position and empty space is preserved properly while converting a particular Word document as PDF.

## DropDownList

### Features

{:#dropdownlist-features}

* #182618,#183488,#169704,#183577- DropDownList now supports server side filtering. The server filtering is to perform filter action when text is typed in the search box and filtering will be done based on the collection which contains the matched item from entire data source. Server filtering will be done based on the entire items in data source.
## FileExplorer

### Features
{:#fileexplorer-features}

* \#187589 - Provided the option to customize the file replace alert text.  

 
## Grid

### Features
{:#grid-features}

*  \#181031 - Provided support to show or hide columns for `RowTemplate` feature.


### Bug Fixes
{:#grid-bug-fixes}

*  \#186046 - Included the wrapper property for `CommonWidth`.
*  \#187340 - Deletion with `CustomToolbarItems` works fine after sorting.
*  \#180098 - Deletion works fine for last record in the Grid.
*  \#184771 - Grid renders fine with searching after updating the Grid.
## PDF

### Bug Fixes
{:#pdf-bug-fixes} 

*	\#186604 - PDF document pages are no longer rotated, while merging a particular PDF document.
*	\#186765 - Unexpected token error is no longer occurs, while loading particular document.
*	\#185183 - The custom metadata added to PDF document is now displayed in custom window of PDF document properties.
*	\#182001 - Form fields are not duplicated when load and save the PDF document.
*	\#182438 - Named destinations are preserving properly while merging the particular PDF documents.
*	\#183859  - The size of the `Code128Barcode` is now preserved properly.
*	\#186261 - Background color will be preserving properly, while using `ToImage` in Barcode.
*	\#186233 - Stream was not readable exception will no longer thrown, while signing PDF document by using certificate as stream.
*	\#186884 - `IndexOutofRangeException` will no longer occur, while signing the particular PDF document.
*	\#185605 - Extra space will not be added in the bottom of the image, while converting HTML to Image using IE.
*	\#184245 - Output document is now preserving properly, when applying security to the loaded PDF document.
* Application crashing issue has been fixed, while performing OCR.
* Tesseract engine has not been initialized exception will no longer thrown while performing OCR.
* Preservation issues are no longer occurs, while compressing existing PDF documents.
* PDF conformance is preserved properly while converting Word to PDF.


### Features
{:#pdf-features}

*	\#182338 – `PdfHtmlTextElement` supported HTML string can be drawn to the `PdfGridCell` directly.
*	\#186261 – Added support for generating Data Matrix barcode as image to the desired size.
*	\#185022 – Added the support to change the tab order of the form fields.
## PDF viewer


### Bug Fixes
{:#pdfviewer-bug-fixes}

* \#185276, \#184952 - The contents of the PDF document will be rendered properly while exporting pages as an image. 
* \#184731 - The height of the PDF viewer control will not be altered while resizing the PDF viewer container if the toolbar is in disabled state.



## Presentation

### Breaking Changes
{:#Presentation-breaking-changes}
* `IsMaxCross` property is set to true and secondary axis is added to the right side of the chart, while adding new secondary chart axis. You can set the `IsMaxCross` property to false, to add secondary axis on the left side.

### Bug Fixes
{:#presentation-bug-fixes}
* \#187206 - Data labels in the bubble chart is now added as expected while creating a chart in PowerPoint presentation.
* \#186544- Null reference exception is no longer thrown while creating a PowerPoint slide with `SmartArt` diagram.
* \#184264 - The PowerPoint presentation is no longer corrupted while setting the `DateTime` value as chart data.
* \#186100 - Guides are now preserved properly while creating a PowerPoint slide from an existing layout slide.
* \#186105 - Shape properties are now preserved properly while creating a PowerPoint slide from an existing layout slide.
* \#185808 - Null reference exception is no longer thrown while converting a PowerPoint slide to image.
* \#185262 - Deleted legends in the charts is no longer visible in the converted PDF.
* \#185808 - Numbered list is now preserved properly while converting a PowerPoint slide to image.
* \#186643 - Null reference exception is no longer thrown while converting a cloned PowerPoint slide to image.
## ReportViewer

### Bug Fixes    
{:#reportviewer-bug-fixes}

* \#187042 - The `Today` expression evaluated properly in static expression.

* \#187219 - Resolved parameter block alignment issue in IE9.

* \#187273 - Now, allow null value specified for date parameter works properly when parameter layout is used.

* \#187273 - Image report item inside the rectangle renders properly.

* \#185398 - Resolved long text overlapping problem in tablix cell.
## XlsIO

### Bug fixes
{:#xlsio-bug-fixes}

* \#183807,187025 - `CopyTo()` method is working properly when AutoFilters are applied.
* \#187751 - External exception is no longer thrown while performing text AutoFit in a cell.
* \#186234 - Custom RGB tab color is no longer changed while resaving the Excel file in XlsIO.
* \#187234 - Issue with improper row height is resolved for the given Excel document.
* \#184407 - Exception is no longer thrown while setting RTF text.
* \#185577, 186951 - Rich-text is now properly set for complex RTF string.
* \#186451 - Date filter is now working proper in pivot table.
* \#186446 - UnKnownName exception is no longer thrown while opening CSV files.
* \#185221 - Exception is no longer thrown while opening Excel file with  external workbook range in data validation formula.
* \#187026 - Exception is no longer thrown while resaving XLS file with table.
* \#187723 - Overflow exception is no longer thrown while accessing `DisplayText` for large numbers.
* \#185270 - Key not found exception is no longer thrown while copying range to another workbook multiple times.
* \#187025 - Text filter is now proper in XLSX document.
* \#187181, 187315 - Exception is no longer thrown while invoking `IRange.BorderNone`.
* \#185921 - File encoding is now correct while parsing zip file with Latin characters.
* \#186738, 187783 - `DisplayText` returns number value for cell reference formula in Portugal culture.
* \#184801 - Currency format is now proper in PDF conversion.
* \#185138 - Combination chart with bar series is rendered properly in chart to image conversion.
* Exception is no longer thrown while parsing category labels with external range.
* Exception is no longer thrown while updating sheet names in `Worksheet.AddCopy()`.
* Exception is no longer thrown while opening file with PieChart.
* Exception is no longer thrown while copying conditional formats to another workbook.
* The old and new cell values are validated on copy and paste operation through `ValueChanged` event.
* Format exception due to pivot table data type is fixed.
* XlsIO returns correct date for the number formats in German culture.
* Exception is no longer thrown while opening an Excel document with stacked marker chart.
* `CellStyle.Font.RGBColor` of a range now returns proper value.
* `DisplayText` issue for number formats with 'GMT' is fixed.
* Rich-text is proper in Excel to PDF Conversion.
* Clearing contents in a merged cell doesn't remove cell formatting.
