---
title       : Essential Studio for ASP.NET 2017 Volume 3 Release Notes
description : Essential Studio for ASP.NET 2017 Volume 3 Release Notes
platform    : aspnet
---

# Essential Studio for ASP.NET Release Notes

{% include release-info.html date=site.releasedate.2017_vol_3 version=site.version.2017_vol_3 %} 





## Common

### Bug Fixes 
{:#common-bug-fixes}

* \#178650 - Server side events are now triggered, when `UnobtrusiveJavaScriptEnabled` is set as true .


## Chart

### Features
{:#chart-features}

* \#140907, \#176526 - Provided support for rendering stacking spline area and 100% stacking spline area series types.
* \#142887, \#180953 - Provided support for rendering the inside and outside data labels in different colors. 
* \#175482 - Provided support to control the animation speed of the elements in the chart.
* Provided support for rendering various types of spline curves.

### Breaking changes
{:#chart-breaking-changes}

* Earlier, [`start`](https://help.syncfusion.com/api/js/ejchart#members:primaryxaxis-multilevellabels-start) and [`end`](https://help.syncfusion.com/api/js/ejchart#members:primaryxaxis-multilevellabels-end) properties in multi-level labels are of type **number**. Now we have changed this to **object**, so that it will take both number and DateTime values as input.

### Bug fixes
{:#chart-bug-fixes}

* \#176346 – Performance of the chart is improved now, while binding data from the database.
* \#183503 - Now we can able to specify the [`start`](https://help.syncfusion.com/api/js/ejchart#members:primaryxaxis-multilevellabels-start) and [`end`](https://help.syncfusion.com/api/js/ejchart#members:primaryxaxis-multilevellabels-end) values of multi-level labels in DateTime format.

## DataManager

### Features
{:#datamanager-features}

* The DataManager now supports the WebAPI Batch operations like add, remove and change.The request for the operations are handled altogether at a time rather than being passed separately for each operation.
* The DataManager now allows to execute a query against a specific data source by using the QueryableDataOperations. It can perform the IQueryable<T> server side operation such as filtering, paging and sorting.
## DateRangePicker

### Features
{:#daterangepicker-features}

* The ASP.NET WEB wrapper support has been provided for DateRangePicker control.

## Diagram

### Features

* \#131536, #150342, #161966, #173422 - Ruler support for diagram control is added.
* \#156753 - Support is provided to specify root node for layout.
* \#137249 - Support to hide the selection handles when it is overlapping with each other is added.
* \#154925 - Support to prevent the resizing of built-in shapes(children) available in the `BPMNNode` is added.
* \#165028, #169289 - Visual representation and performance of layout with multiple parents has been improved.
* \#176645 - Polyline support for diagram control is added.
* \#175928 - Support to update the label position based on nearest offset while dragging the label from connector is added.
* Support to remove the labels and ports at runtime is added.
* Support to drag the multiple selected nodes when click on the empty space of the selection rectangle is added.

### Breaking Changes

* Default value of PageSetting.ScrollLimit is changed from `Infinity` to `Diagram`.
* In earlier releases, while specifying the swimlane/lane's `Header` text as empty, default text value will be set to swimlane/lane. Now if it is left empty, header will not be visible.
## DocIO

### Features
{:#DocIO-features}
* \#177630 - Added support to insert and preserve SVG element in DOCX to DOCX conversion.
* \#178264 - Added support to apply multiple `Paragraph Styles` for a paragraph in the Word document.
* \#154849, \#156160, \#159266, \#167482, \#167778, \#169491, \#176208, \#176607, \#178005, \#174862, \#177633, \#179096, \#179700 - Added support for Word to PDF conversion in Azure environment.
* \#127763, \#178727 - Added mirror margin support in Word to PDF conversion.
* \#181637, \#183338 - Added support to RTL table in Word to PDF conversion.
* \#111815, \#140865, \#140894, \#140934, \#141407, \#164666, \#174134, \#175919, \#177615 - Added image rotation support in Word to PDF conversion.
* \#94498, \#116546, \#135202, \#168877, \#177412, \#179488, \#180451, \#167448, \#174699, \#128339, \#132232, \#147998, \#172223 - Added support to create and modify the content control in Word documents and map custom XML parts to content control. 

### Breaking Changes
{:#DocIO-breaking-changes}
* The property `SvgData` was added to the `IWPicture` interface.
* The property `EnableStyleSeparator` was added to the `IWParagraph` interface.
* An overload method `AppendPicture` was added to the `IWParagraph` interface.

### Bug Fixes
{:#DocIO-bug-fixes}

* \#175961, \#179927, \#180418 - Image missing issue has been resolved while performing Mail merge.
* \#178271 - Extra page preservation issue has been resolved while loading a particular RTF format document.
* \#176369 - Doughnut chart title value retrieved properly while saving a particular Word document.
* \#177890 - Changing the color of a bar chart series is not applied for negative bar series values. 
* \#177890 - No longer hangs while opening a Word document which contains chart.
* \#178856 - TOC contents are preserved properly while updating Table of contents for a particular Word document.
* \#176984 - Formula field results are preserved properly while bookmark has a special character.
* \#176802, \#178648 - No longer hangs while converting a particular Word document as PDF.
* \#176802 - Table preservation issue has been resolved while converting a particular Word document as PDF.
* \#177047 - Background color preservation issue has been resolved while converting a particular Word document as PDF.
* \#177064 - List number preservation issue has been resolved while saving a particular RTF format document.
* \#178648 - Header row is now preserved properly while converting a particular Word document as PDF.
* \#177586 - `StackOverflowException` will be no longer thrown while loading a particular RTF format document.
* \#176708 - `KeyNotFoundException` will be no longer thrown while loading a particular DOCX format document.
* \#179085 - Merge field values are preserved properly while performing Mail merge for a particular Word document using `Execute` method.
* \#179006 - Underline and Strikethrough is now preserved properly while appending particular HTML file in a Word document.
* \#177295 - Text retrieved properly from `WTextFormField` instance for a particular Word document.
* \#176840 - Page number is now preserved properly while updating Table of contents for a particular Word document.
* \#177679 - `NullReferenceException` will be no longer thrown while performing Mail merge using empty data table.
* \#165843, \#178727 - List number preservation issue has been resolved while importing a particular Word document.
* \#177295 - `!Syntax Error` is now resolved for `SUM(ABOVE)` field, while updating fields in Word document. 
* \#178601 - Field result is now preserved properly while converting a particular Word document as PDF. 
* \#176369 - `ArgumentOutOfRangeException` will be no longer thrown while saving a Word document which contains chart.
* \#171046 - `MathML` element is now preserved properly in DOCX to DOCX conversion.
* \#177380 - `System.TypeInitializationException` will be no longer thrown while creating a Word document with chart.
* \#180854 - `AltChunk` content is preserved properly while converting a Word document as PDF.
* \#180409 - Field results are preserved properly while performing Mail merge.
* \#180588 - German culture texts are preserved properly while importing and exporting a HTML document.
* \#179474 - List number is preserved properly while converting a Word document as PDF.
* \#180115 - List number is preserved properly while loading a RTF document.
* \#181317, \#180770 - `NullReferenceException` will be no longer thrown while resaving a Word document.
* \#179474 - Table splitting issue has been resolved while converting a Word document as PDF.
* \#180312 - Page number is preserved properly while updating table of contents in a Word document.
* \#180769 - Update mode of OLE linked Excel worksheet is preserved properly while resaving a Word document.
* \#177783 - Textbox missing issue has been resolved while converting a Word document as PDF.
* \#181263 - Shape missing issue has been resolved while resaving a Word document.
* \#181047 - Horizontal line is preserved properly while converting a particular Word document as PDF.
* \#176802 - Table is preserved properly while converting a Word document as PDF.
* \#180952 - Empty page preservation issue has been resolved while converting a Word document as PDF.
* \#180952, \#181654 - `OutOfMemoryException` will be no longer thrown while converting a particular Word document as PDF.
* \#180065 - Paragraphs are preserved properly while converting a Word document as PDF.
* \#181811 - Bullet characters are preserved properly while resaving a particular RTF document.
* \#182011 - Vertical text is preserved properly while converting a Word document as PDF.
* \#179813 - Text wrapped properly while converting a particular Word document as PDF.
* \#181118 - `InvalidOperationException` will be no longer thrown while getting bookmark contents.
* \#181409 - Chart series color preserved properly while resaving a Word document which contains chart.
* \#182345 - Shape vertical position preserved properly while converting a particular Word document as PDF.
* \#181263 - Shape preservation issue has been resolved while resaving a particular Word document.
* \#182011 - `ElbowCurve` shape preserved properly while converting a particular Word document as PDF.
* \#182249 - `MERGESEQ` number is preserved properly while performing Mail merge.
* \#180769 - Target file missing issue has been resolved while resaving a particular Word document.
* \#179293 - Table column preserved properly while converting a particular Word document as PDF.
## FileExplorer

### Features
{:#fileexplorer-features}

* \#I174459, I177188 – Provided support to  “access the application root folder and display the alternate text for the root folder name in FileExplorer control”.

* Provided support to override the methods of “FileAccessOperation” class that is available at “Syncfusion.EJ” assembly.

### Bug Fixes
{:#fileexplorer-bug-fixes}

* \#181107 - Resolved the issue, when download the file in Firefox browser that contains space in file name.

## Gantt

### Features
{:#gantt-features}
* \#174964, #135647, #141294, #146309, #153127, #180223 – Support for changing the working days in a week has been implemented.
* \#134624, #136364, #146615, #178082 – Now the client side event triggering has been optimized, such that for simultaneous data update, only one event will be triggered with all the data, instead of multiple event triggers.
* \#178082 – Now it is possible to validate the action while editing the taskbars linked with predecessors.
* \#180223 – Support for mapping the resource units at initial load for the resources assigned to a task has been implemented.
* \#179180 – Now the performance has been improved for taskbar editing action in Firefox browser. 

### Bug Fixes
{:#gantt-bug-fixes}

* \#183127 – Issue in rendering Gantt with assembly resource has been fixed.
* \#180638 – Row alignment issue in Gantt has been fixed.
* \#181547 - Issue in updating the duration of milestone task has been fixed.
* \#180215 - Issue in exporting Gantt as Excel file with resources has been fixed.
* \#184157 - Issue in updating the background color of milestone and milestone baseline has been fixed.
* \#183939 - CSS override issue with site.css file in sample creator sample has been fixed.
## Grid

### Bug Fixes
{:#grid-bug-fixes}

* \#182551, \#183035, \#183608- `selectedRowIndices` is not added while configured the SQL DataSource in Design Page.

## Kanban

### Features	
{:#kanban-features}

* Feature to show/hide the cards based on key value mapping. It can group the cards using key value and enables to toggle the display.

## ListBox

### Bug Fixes
{:#listbox-bug-fixes}

* \#178949 - Provided server side event `OnItemDrop` for ListBox which will be triggered on dropping an item to the target.
## MaskEdit

### Features
{:#maskedit-features}

* \# 147183 – Provided Globalization support for MaskEdit Component.

## NavigationDrawer

### Bug Fixes
{:#navigationdrawer-bug-fixes}

* \#183725 - Added `NavigateUrl` property in NavigationDrawer items for navigating to external pages.
## Pager

### Features
{:#pager-features}

* The ASP.NET WEB wrapper support has been provided for Pager control.

## PDF

### Features
{:#pdf-features}

* Added the support to load font from stream in `PdfTrueTypeFont` class.
* Added the support for signing PDF document by using certificate as stream.
* Added the support for accessing system font in PDF document creation in Windows Azure platform.
* Added the support for creating PDF documents with unique naming scheme for resources.
* Added the support for compressing the existing PDF document.
* Added the support for creating own appearance for annotations in PDF.
* Added the property `EnableThreadSafe` to handle multi-threading environment.
* Added the tagged PDF support with USDA 508 complaint.

### Breaking changes
{:#pdf-breaking-changes}
* Earlier, the `PdfLightTable` column width will not work as expected, as a result column widths are equally shared. Now this behavior is fixed, the specified width will be allocated for the columns.
* The property `Appearence` is marked as deprecated, please use `Appearance` property from `PdfSignature’ class instead. 


### Bug Fixes
{:#pdf-bug-fixes} 

* \#175254 - Italic text alignment is now preserving properly when converting the Word to PDF.
* \#177676 - The font is preserving properly in PDF document when embedding the font.
* \#179152 - Vertical text is preserving properly when converting XPS to PDF.
* \#177639 - Text is now rendering properly when converting XPS to PDF.
* \#178247 - Internal stream of `PdfLoadedDocument` is now closing properly when calling the dispose method
* \#178331 - Graphical contents are preserving properly when converting XPS to PDF document.
* \#177257 - Image is preserving properly when converting XPS to PDF document.
* \#177947 - PDF document with Korean characters are printing properly in direct print.
* \#177066 - Blank PDF document will not be generated while converting particular EMF to PDF.
* \#177764 - `ArgumentOutOfRangeException` is no longer occur while converting XPS to PDF when set `EmbedCompleteFont` as true.
* \#177822 - Preservation issues are no longer occurs while converting XPS to PDF.
* \#177646 - Unexpected token exception is no longer thrown while loading particular PDF document.
* \#178830 - `ArgumentOutOfRangeException` is no longer thrown when accessing `PdfDocumentInformation` property in the particular PDF document.
* \#179402 - PDF/X-1a:2001 conformance is now working properly when converting Word to PDF.
* \#177331 - Bullet alignment is now preserving properly while converting Word to PDF.
* \#177916 - `ArgumentOutOfRangeException` is no longer thrown while extracting fonts from the particular PDF document.
* \#182338 - `arg.Skip` will be working fine while PDF Grid row split across two pages.
* \#182896 - `PdfLightTable` columns will be preserve properly with manual width.
* \#180121 - The Barcode has been rendering  properly while giving ISO-8859-2 and ISO-8859-5 characters.
* \#179390 - `PdfLightTable` header will get draw only once when we set `ShowHeader` value is true.
* \#180667 - Text are aligning properly when converting word document to PDF
* \#182001 - `NullReferenceException` no longer occurs when accessing the appearance of the signature in `PdfLoadedDocument`.
* \#178963,#181653,#182856 - Cannot access a closed stream object exception is no longer thrown while loading a PDF document.
* \#180952 - Text positions are now preserving properly while converting EMF to PDF.
* \#179731 - Annotations are now preserving properly while rotating the flattened annotation pages.
* The `PdfGrid` header is now preserving properly when enable the `AllowHorizontalOverflow`.
* Line space issue will no longer occurs when converting the EMF to PDF conversion.
* The `PdfTextMarkupAnnotation` author property is now preserving properly.
* Fatal error exception is no longer occurs while loading the particular PDF document.



## PDF viewer

### Features
{:#pdfviewer-features}

* \#171883, #177612, #179868 - Provided support for adding handwritten signature into the PDF document. 
* \#174054 - Provided support for the mandatory form fields in the PDF documents.
* \#176171 - Provided the separate mode for text selection and scrolling.
* \#176168 - Improved the quality of the page rendering in the high-resolution devices.
* \#176168 - Improved the pinch zooming performance in the high-resolution devices.
* \#178539 - Provided support to restrict editing of form fields based on restriction summary available in the PDF document. 
* \#174628, #178539 - Provided support to maintain the form fields as read only in the PDF documents, if it has read only property set.



### Bug Fixes
{:#pdfviewer-bug-fixes}

* \#183025 - The issue in considering the text alignment property in the form fields has been resolved.
* \#178834 - Script error will no longer be thrown when setting the fit to width for the PDF document.
* \#173834 - The Checkbox and Textbox field borders are now visible when the focus state changes.
* \#173834 - Dropdown and List box field's text contents are now visible in the dark theme.
* \#177493 - The current page now fits to viewport when view mode is set to fit to page.
* \#173834 - Check box content is now rendered properly.
* \#178536 - The PDF document's text contents are rendered properly.
* \#178540 - Restriction summary of the PDF document property is now working fine.
* \#177922 - Color of the contents in the PDF document are now preserved properly.
* \#177922 - Image content in the PDF document is now rendered properly.
* \#178926 - Script error will no longer be thrown on zooming the provided PDF document.
* \#178534 - The PDF document content is now rendered properly.
* \#178535 - Text contents in the PDF document are no longer overlapped.
* \#173831 - Text selection and search are now working fine even when unicode characters are presented in the text div element. 
* \#178190 - The color of the page content is now preserved when exporting it as image.
* \#180119 - Characters will be rendered properly while exporting the pages of the PDF document as images.
* \#178007 - Contents are now preserved correctly in PDF viewer, while exporting the PDF document as images.
* \#178007 - System.ArgumentException is no longer thrown while exporting the pages of PDF document as images.
* \#180681 - PDF viewer will not produce blank images while exporting the pages of PDF document as images.
* \#164281 - Restricted the page extraction based on the settings available in the encrypted PDF documents.
* \#180342 - The proper casing is provided to the keys in the AJAX request during the download operations.
* \#179586 - The colors of the image now preserve properly while rendering the PDF document.





## PivotGrid

### Features
{:#pivotgrid-features}

* \#178102 - Load-on-demand support has been provided while performing drill down operation for relational data source.
* \#143812, #178298 - Paging support has been provided for relational data source.

## Predictive Analytics

### Features
{:#predictive-analytics-features}

* Added compatibility support for PMML version v4.3.
* Added support to pass input data as 'Stream' object in 'Table' class. 

### Bug fixes
{:#predictive-analytics-bug-fixes}

* \#178661- Resolved issues with data fields transformation in RuleSet Model Evaluator.
## Presentation

### Features
{:#presentation-features}
* \#177630 - Added support to insert and modify SVG image in PowerPoint presentation.
* \#177587 - Added support to insert columns to a table in PowerPoint presentation.
* \#176530 - Added support to retrieve the target slide of a hyperlink in PowerPoint presentation.
* \#180095 - Added support to convert the PowerPoint presentation with rotated nested Group Shapes to PDF/Image.

### Breaking Changes
{:#presentation-breaking-changes}
* \#176530 - The property `TargetSlide` was added to the interface `IHyperLink`.
* \#177630 - The property `SvgData` was added to the interface `IPicture`.
* \#177630 - An overload method for `AddPicture` was added to the interface `IPictures`.
* \#177630 - An overload method for `AddPicture` was added to the interface `IShapes`.
* \#177587 - The method `InsertColumn` was added to the interface `ITable`.
* \#177587 - The property `ColumnsCount` was added to the interface `ITable`.

### Bug Fixes
{:#presentation-bug-fixes}
* \#178672 - Type initialization exception will not be thrown while creating a PowerPoint presentation with charts.
* \#180902 - Argument out of range exception will not be thrown while cloning a PowerPoint slide with pie chart.
* \#179383 - Hyperlink path for another presentation can be now retrieved while loading a PowerPoint presentation.
* \#182353 - Null reference exception will not be thrown while cloning a PowerPoint slide with table.
* \#181902 - Null reference exception will not be thrown while resaving PowerPoint presentations contains internal XML files in custom naming standards.
* \#180904 - The chart data modified with Presentation library will not get reverted, while trying to edit in Microsoft PowerPoint application.
* \#182963 - The previous column formatting will be now preserved properly while inserting a new column in PowerPoint table.
* \#180902 - Null reference exception will not be thrown while cloning and merging slides having charts after disposing the parent PowerPoint presentation.
* \#178009 - Null reference exception will not be thrown while clearing and adding the slides in the PowerPoint presentation.
* \#179028 - The font size is now preserved as expected while converting a PowerPoint slide to image.
* \#178033 - Argument null reference exception will not be thrown while converting a PowerPoint slide to image.
* \#180377 - Argument out of range exception will not be thrown while converting a PowerPoint presentation with chart to PDF document.
* \#179842, \#180783 - Null reference exception will not be thrown while converting a PowerPoint presentation to PDF using the publish option handouts.
* \#180760 - SmartArt is now preserved properly while converting a PowerPoint slide to image.
* \#181671 - Chart series colors are now preserved properly while converting the bar charts to PDF document.
## RadialMenu

### Features	
{:#radialmenu-features}

* \#175308 - Provided template support for RadialMenu items using `prependTo` property, we can add valid SVG element to it.
## RadialSlider

### Features	
{:#radialslider-features}

* Provided globalization support for RadialSlider ticks and value. Enables to customize culture based values for the component.
## ReportViewer

### Features

* \#178228 – Provided exporting support to map image URL directly for image report item.

### Bug Fixes    
{:#reportviewer-bug-fixes}

* \#178954 - Now the N1 and N0 number format applied properly in Excel export.

* \#180836 - The incorrect vertical alignment for tablix cell has been resolved.

* \#180459 - Now, `Free 3 of 9` font is rendered properly in chrome and Mozilla firefox browser.

* \#180381 - The parameter dependents on a text box parameter value input is updating properly.

* \#180059 - The `DateTimeOffset` expression produces the correct result output.

* \#180381 - The drop-down parameter improper rendering in mobile layout has been resolved.

* \#179946 - Now, the default value is updates properly for boolean parameters.

* \#180381 - Resolved the incorrect localization text rendering for date time parameters.

## Ribbon

### Features	
{:#ribbon-features}

* \#178783 - Provided the `cssClass` API for Ribbon, to customize the control appearance.
## RichTextEditor

### Features
{:#rte-features}

* Rendering performance is now improved and is much better than earlier. The rendering of sub controls like Dialog, Color picker and Numeric textbox is done on demand, instead initial rendering.

## Sample Creator

### Features
{:#sample-creator-features}

* Included Pager, DateRangePicker Samples in ASP.NET Sample Creator. 
## Schedule

### Features
{:#schedule-features}

* \#132062, \#132560 - Scheduler is now provided with an option to allow the user to create/edit the appointments inline, by single clicking on the cells/appointments. 

* \#176154 - While editing a recurrence appointment in series mode, to prevent the changes on the previously edited occurrences of this recurrence appointment - then `ignoreEditedOccurrences` argument can be set to true within the `BeforeAppointmentChange` event function.
* Scheduler provides option to enable/disable the delete functionality of appointments through `AllowDelete` API.
* Scheduler provides an additional option to edit/delete only the following occurrences of a recurrence appointment. 
* Scheduler provides option to drag and drop appointments from one week to another week, simply by holding the appointments either in the first or last date column for some specific delay time.

### Breaking changes
{:#schedule-breaking-changes}
* \#181307, \#183269 - Appointments are rendering correctly, when the current view has more than 100 appointments.
## Slider

### Features
{:#slider-features}

* /#162567, #133892, #147183 - We have provided the renderingTicks event to customize the slider scale ticks value.

## Spreadsheet

### Features	
{:#spreadsheet-features}

* \#169150, 173569, 178299, 183197 - Provided support for chart with discontinuous range.

### Bug Fixes
{:#spreadsheet-bug-fixes}

* \#178108 - Issue while exporting with image by using setPicture method is fixed.
* \#176572 - Issue with gridlines & styles in print content in IE11 is fixed.
## TextBoxes

### Features
{:#textboxes-features}

* \#180057 - Provided the `positivePattern` support for NumericTextbox.

## Toolbar

### Features
{:#toolbar-features}

* Provided support for `Tab` key and `Shift+Tab` key to navigate through the toolbar items.

## TreeGrid

### Features
{:#treegrid-features}
* \#152870, #160596, #164655, #143792, #175532, #177013 – Support for binding data using load on demand approach has been implemented.
* \#148114, #156239, #166008, #166017, #166752, #177185, #180702, #182712 – Word wrap support has been implemented for the TreeGrid columns.
* \#171605, #181564 – Now the TreeGrid columns will be responsive based on the provided priority values.
* \#175633, #176173 – Now it is possible to perform CRUD actions using buttons in command column.
* \#139356, #141369, #161198, #165560, #176873 – Support for printing the TreeGrid contents has been implemented.
* \#178636 – Now it is possible to resize the frozen columns in TreeGrid.
* \#176243 – Now it is possible to edit the cell values using custom editor template in TreeGrid.


### Bug Fixes
{:#treegrid-bug-fixes}

* \#177199, #178403 – Issue with column resizer line not removed when resizing the columns has been fixed.
* \#178281- Now the default context menu will be displayed on mouse right click while the TreeGrid context menu is disabled.
* Now the cell text can be selected while the cell is in edit mode.
* \#180866 – Alignment issues with expand/collapse icons in row template has been fixed.
* \#183625 – Issue in drag and drop icons position with row template has been fixed. 
* \#183783 – Now the datasource can be refreshed with new data manager instance by using `setModel` method.
* \#183350 – Issue in date field validation in TreeGrid has been fixed.

## TreeMap

### Features
{:#treemap-features}

* \#162905, \#162983, \#163226 - Provided support for customizing the drilldown grouping header and text overflow for labels.

## TreeView

### Features
{:#treeview-features}

* \#F126097 – Provided support to “get the updated data source via getTreeData() method when using remote data binding in TreeView control”.

## XlsIO

### Features
{:#xlsio-features}

* \#109496, #79552, #74319, #130146, #180064 - Password support is provided in Compression library.
* \#178228 - Support is provided for adding images from external link in Excel documents.
* Sorting support is provided in AutoFilters.
* Custom filtering support is provided in text filters.

### Breaking changes
{:#xlsio-breaking-changes}

* `DataSorter` property is added in the interfaces `IWorksheet` and `IAutoFilters`.
* `EnablePartialTrustCode` property is added in the interface `IApplication`.
* `AddPictureAsLink()` is added in the interface `IPictures`.
* `Picture` and `SvgData` properties are added in the interface IPictureShape.
* The values `Contains`, `DoesNotContain`, `BeginsWith`, `DoesNotBeginWith`, `EndsWith`, `DoesNotEndWith` are added in `ExcelFilterCondition` enumeration.

### Bug fixes
{:#xlsio-bug-fixes}

* \#177888 - Exception is no longer thrown while opening a file with error value in named range.
* \#176158 - Opening an Excel document with picture will no longer get corrupted in Mac OS.
* \#178929 - Issue with wrong combo boxes count in an Excel document is fixed.
* \#178697 - Conditional formatting rules are now applied proper with priority.
* \#178368 - Custom number format ends with whitespace is preserved properly.
* \#176718 - DisplayText now returns number value for cell reference formulas.
* \#179055 - Exception is no longer thrown while saving XLS document to XLSX format with invalid named ranges.
* \#178577 - Exception is no longer thrown while opening an Excel document with empty relation in image hyperlink.
* \#179601 - Setting a pivot table row layout to tabular style and saving the document will no longer throw exception.
* \#179303 - Exception is no longer thrown while setting header text within the limit.
* \#175065 - Saving a workbook multiple times will no longer increase its file size.
* \#177928 - Removing worksheets will reduce the file size properly.
* \#178745 - Issue with changes in table formatting after resaving the document is fixed.
* \#177927 - Removing multiple worksheets and saving the document will no longer throw exception.
* \#177832 - License issue in XlsIO assembly has been resolved.
* \#177210 - Issue with wild card criteria search in Excel document is fixed.
* \#178182 - Issue with missing of single marker in chart to image conversion, when parent marker symbol is set to none is fixed.
* \#177278 - Exception while processing date number format in Excel to HTML conversion is fixed.
* \#175932 - Issues with unwanted merged styles in Excel to HTML conversion is fixed.
* \#179361 - XlsIO generated HTML documents are now XML formatted.
* \#175236 - Custom icon sets are rendered properly in image or PDF conversion.
* \#180466 - Exception is no longer thrown while opening chart with value axis title.
* \#181226 - Exception is no longer thrown while opening particular file with shape’s offset value exceeding integer limit.
* \#180940 - Issue with font color when setting font style in conditional formats is fixed.
* \#181016 - Exception is no longer thrown while accessing LineStyle property of a shape in threading.
* \#178198 - Exception thrown on parsing the named range with complete file path is fixed.
* \#180478 - Issue with AutoFit when cell text contains line breaks is fixed.
* \#180329 - XML Exception is no longer thrown while parsing Excel file with chart having empty legend position.
* \#180337 - Line width is changed while changing series color for radar chart is fixed.
* \#180213 - Exception is thrown while parsing `MissingItemsLimit` property in pivot cache is resolved.
* \#179997 - Exception is no longer thrown while opening a chart with discontinuous filtered ranges.
* \#179874 - Default value is not set in Excel pivot table while applying Pivot filter is fixed.
* \#179874 - File corruption issue while applying pivot filter is resolved.
* \#179863 - PrintArea returns invalid range in Excel to PDF conversion is fixed.
* \#179751 - Calculated values are incorrect for table formulas in worksheet to image conversion is fixed.
* \#179732 - File is no longer corrupted when table is created with merged cell ranges.
* \#181584 - Overflow exception while accessing Value property is fixed.
* \#179026 - Text is wrongly updated in shapes after add copying of worksheet is fixed.
* \#177928 - File size is not reduced after removing all worksheets is fixed.
* \#183388 - Memory leak issue due to CalcEngine not disabled on workbook dispose is fixed.
* \#183016 - Issue with text casing while setting number format is fixed.
* \#182853 - Performance issue while resaving Excel document with large number of named ranges is fixed.
* \#182915 - Cell contents are cleared on `Unmerge()` is fixed.
* \#182153 - Issue with setting incorrect `HasFormulaString` property is fixed.
* \#182422 - Exception is thrown while applying formula to a row due to wrong name index is fixed.
* \#163659 - An overload is now available to open a file with filename and encoding.
* \#182246, 182247 - Named index is now properly updated while copying external formulas using `CopyTo()`.
* \#182241 - External formulas will now be copied proper when destination workbook has formulas.
* \#181970 - Corruption issue while copying external formula is resolved.
* \#181715 - Conditional format formula is properly updated in binary Excel files.
* \#180478 - AutoFit is properly performed while invoking it multiple times for the range with line breaks.
* \#181802 - Exception is no longer thrown while resaving binary Excel file.
* \#181707 - Wrong file header exception while importing particular XML file is fixed.
* \#180842 - File with table formulas is no longer corrupted while resaving in Spanish culture.
* \#181183, 183446 - Wrong syntax error is thrown while performing layout operation in pivot table is fixed.
* \#181190 - Issue with worksheet `FindFirst()` for search values having pipe character is fixed.
* \#179749 - `RefersToRange` is null while named range is referring the table range is resolved.
* \#178735 - GDI exception thrown while opening an Excel document in Azure platform is resolved.
* \#181980 - Out of memory exception is no longer thrown while opening Excel document with wide filter range.
* \#181375 - Issue with font index is incorrectly updated while setting same font index for multiple times is fixed.
* \#182125 - Performance issue with applying styles in large number of cells is fixed.
* \#182713 - Value axis gridlines are improper in chart to image conversion is fixed.
* \#182218 - Issue with hyperlink in Excel to PDF conversion is fixed.
* \#182026 - Borders are not properly preserved while converting worksheet into HTML is fixed.
* \#181770 - Exception is thrown while converting Excel document with center header to PDF is resolved.
* \#181688 - Spacing issue of stacked charts in chart to image conversion is fixed.
* \#181407 - Chart legend and value axis are missed in chart to image conversion is fixed.
* \#181407 - Exception is thrown while converting empty Excel document with chart into HTML is fixed.
* \#180732 - Issue with missing of background images in Excel to HTML conversion is fixed.
* \#182099 - Issue with visibility of deleted data labels and missing of empty data points in chart to image conversion is fixed.
* Cell value with cross sheet reference formula will be updated properly.
* Sorting a range twice with same index will no longer throw exception.
* Exception is no longer thrown while copying worksheets with chart.
* Issue with improper print title values is fixed.
* Excel file with pivot table no longer gets corrupted during AddCopy().
* Corruption issue when resaving Excel file with group shapes is fixed.
