---
title : Essential Studio for ASP.NET  2018 Vol 1 Service Pack 2 Release Notes
description : Essential Studio for ASP.NET  2018 Vol 1 Service Pack 2 Release Notes
platform : aspnet
documentation: ug
---

# Essential Studio for ASP.NET Release Notes

{% include release-info.html date=site.releasedate.2018_vol_1_sp2  version="v16.1.0.37" %} 





## Chart

### Bug fixes
{:#ejchart-bug-fixes}
* \#136995 - Now, column chart will render properly while setting series [`type`](https://help.syncfusion.com/api/js/ejchart#members:series-type) in pascal case.
* Now, chart will be render properly, when the [`size`](https://help.syncfusion.com/api/js/ejchart#members:size) is 99% of parent container.
## DocIO

### Bug Fixes
{:#DocIO-bug-fixes}

* \#198662 - Image is now preserved properly while merging DOC format documents and saving as DOCX format document.
* \#198007, \#195050 - The content control text is now preserved properly while converting a particular Word document as PDF.
* \#195050, \#198007 - TOC content is now preserved properly after updating table of content which is inside the content control.
* \#198007, \#195050 - Line break is now preserved properly while binding content control text for Word to PDF conversion.
* \#200715 - Ampersand symbol is now imported properly from a particular HTML file.
* \#200861 - The content control text is now preserved properly while converting a particular DOCX format document as RTF.
* \#201472 - File path is now shown properly in hyperlink which is created by using `AppendHyperlink` method.
* \#201466 - Vertical merged cells are now preserved properly while converting a particular Word document as PDF.
* \#201937, \#202761 - `ArgumentOutOfRangeException` will be no longer thrown while performing Mail merge in a particular Word document.
* \#201812, \#202761 - TOC content is now preserved properly while resaving a particular Word document.
* \#200399 - The image position with multiple column issue has been resolved while converting a particular Word document as PDF. 
* \#202261 - The gray scale image recoloring is now preserved properly while converting a particular Word document as PDF.
* \#201685 - The horizontal shape position issue has been resolved while converting a particular Word document as PDF.
* \#200702 - Alternative text for OLE Picture is now preserved properly while saving a particular DOCX format document.
* \#200882 - Decimal separator is now preserved properly while exporting a particular HTML file in machines with German culture.
## Grid


### Bug Fixes
{:#grid-bug-fixes}

*  \#199896 - The Group header has assigned color when exported.
*  \#201694 - Filtering grid column with blank value does not give any errors in server side.
*  \#200021 - args.selectedData returns correct value in `rowSelected` event for normal virtual scrolling.
## PDF

### Bug Fixes
{:#pdf-bug-fixes} 

*	\#201640 - Images are now compressing properly, when compressing existing PDF document.
*	\#201292 - Cannot use the specified stream exception is no longer thrown, while loading the particular PDF document.
*	\#196882 - Borders of `PdfLoadedTextBoxField` are now preserved properly while flattening form fields.
*	\#200987 - PDF will no longer be corrupted, when adding the security to the protected document.
*	\#201693 - Null reference exception will not occurs while merging particular PDF documents.
*	\#201054 - `PdfUsedFonts` will not duplicate fonts from the particular PDF document.
*	\#194851 - Improved performance for saving large PDF document.
*	\#201871 - Preflight error will not occur for the flattened PDF document.
*	\#200949 - Text will be preserved properly while converting Word to PDF with complete font embedding.
*	Child `PdfGrid` borders are now preserved properly.
*	Cell padding is now applied properly to the background image of `PdfGridCell`.
## PDF Viewer

### Bug Fixes
{:#pdfviewer-bug-fixes}


* \#200805 - The image is now rendered properly while printing the provided PDF document. 
* \#163277 - The background color is now preserved properly while rendering the provided PDF document.
* \#201397 - Dotted lines in the provided PDF document are now rendered properly in the PDF viewer.
* \#201274 - Fallback font is now preserved properly while rendering the PDF document, if the used system fonts are not installed in the machine.
* \#201396 - The PDF documents are not swapped anymore, while viewing the documents from two different machines.
* \#201391 - Vertical lines in the provided PDF document are now rendered properly while viewing in lower zoom percentage. 
* \#200597, \#198377, \#F136889 - The contents of the provided PDF document are now rendered properly in the PDF viewer.
* \#198196, \#201705 - Font name and style are preserved properly while rendering the provided PDF document in the PDF viewer control.




## PivotChart

### Bug fixes
{:#pivotchart-bug-fixes}

*  \#199691 - Axes and tooltip formats are apply properly while binding measure with user-defined format string.
## Presentation

### Bug Fixes
{:#presentation-bug-fixes}
* \#201506 - Used memory is now disposed properly after resaving the PowerPoint presentation with charts 
## XlsIO

### Features
{:#xlsio-features}
* \#201193 - Support is provided to retain formula references while removing and reattaching worksheets.

### Breaking Changes
{:#xlsio-breaking-changes}
* \#201193 - `UpdateSheetFormulaReference` is added in `IApplication` interface to ensure whether to remove worksheet reference in formulas on removing and reattaching the worksheet.

### Bug fixes
{:#xlsio-bug-fixes}

* \#F135796 - ArgumentOutOfRangeException in PresentationCore during chart to image conversion in different cultures is fixed.
* \#F136967 - Issue while parsing numeric cell value in Brazil culture is fixed.
* \#200508 - Pivot field sorting is incorrect while sorting month name is fixed.
* \#203029 - Issue with nullable properties not getting exported in Business Objects is fixed.
* \#201868 - ArgumentException raised while retrieving `UsedRange` for binary file is fixed.
* \#201968 - Issue while setting formula with IF function is fixed.
* \#200818 - File gets corrupted while setting numeric value for named ranges is resolved.
* \#201967 - Issue with percentage values in chart is fixed.
* \#201618, \#202220 - NullReferenceException while converting the worksheet to image with particular number format is resolved.
* \#201685 - Exception with the large category axis labels in chart to image conversion is fixed.
* \#201131 - Formula value is incorrect while parsing the workbook is fixed.
* \#201140 - Performance issue while opening excel file with charts is fixed.
* \#200629 - Need to skip the exception for null values in template marker.
* \#199992, \#202778, \#202886 - Issue with invalid formula in OfficeChart is fixed.
* \#201506 - Memory leak issue in OfficeChart is resolved.
* Issue with incorrect table formula value is fixed. 

