---
title: Essential Studio for ASP.NET  2018 Vol 4  Release Notes  
description: Essential Studio for ASP.NET  2018 Vol 4  Release Notes  
platform: aspnet
documentation: ug
---

# Essential Studio for ASP.NET  Release Notes  

{% include release-info.html date=site.releasedate.2018_vol_4  version="v16.4.0.42" %} 

<style>
#license {
    font-size: .88em!important;
margin-top: 1.5em;     margin-bottom: 1.5em;
    background-color: #def8ff;
    padding: 10px 17px 14px;
}
</style>

<div id="license">
Starting with version 16.2 (2018 Vol 2), you need to include a valid license key (either paid or trial key) within your applications. 
Please refer to this <a href="/common/essential-studio/licensing/license-key">help topic</a> for more information 
</div>

<div id="license">
Starting with version 16.4 (2018 Vol 4), Syncfusion has removed .NET Framework 3.5 and 4.5.1 assemblies from the ASP.NET install. These assemblies are provided in a separate add-on install. 
Please refer to this <a href="/common/essential-studio/installation/essential-studio-platform-framework-add-ons">help topic</a> for more information.
</div>






## Common

### Breaking Changes
{:#common-breaking-changes}

* Starting with version 16.4 (2018 Vol 4), Syncfusion has removed the fewer NuGet packages from the Essential Studio. You can find the older NuGet packages and their equivalent new NuGet package details from the [`KB`](https://www.syncfusion.com/kb/9337) article.

### Bug Fixes
{:#common-bug-fixes}

* \#217381 - Toolbox items will be properly loaded in ASP.NET Web Forms platform in VS 2008.
* \#216410 - Sparkline not working in 4.6 framework issue has been fixed.
* \#214579 - System.InvalidCastException is thrown when guid value is passed in performFiltering method issue has been fixed.
## Chart

### Features
{:#chart-features}

* Support has been added for spline range area series.

### Bug Fixes
{:#chart-bug-fixes} 

* \#218746,220317, 140568 - Now, the line series is working properly in Google Chrome.
* \#220686 - `Striplines` work properly with zoom in and zoom out features.
* \#220294 - Chart works properly with null values in data.
* \#218688 - `Crosshair` tooltip works properly in canvas mode.
## Diagram

### Bug fixes
{:#diagram-bug-fixes}

* \#215104,216178 - While defining the node complex properties in the designer page, it no longer refers as unknown element.
## DocIO

### Features
{:#DocIO-features}

* \#114697, \#132874, \#133035, \#153479, \#167670, \#212402 - Added support to show the revision marks in the generated PDF while converting Word documents with tracked changes or revisions.
* \#108879, \#162848, \#181644, \#212631, \#217405 - Added support to hyphenate text in a Word document while converting to PDF and Image.
* \#155259, \#176052, \#211046, \#218374 - Added support to update Auto Number field in a Word document.
* \#216440 - Added support to update SET field in a Word document.
* \#211192, \#216218 - Added API to access the external Excel file path for a chart in DOCX to DOCX conversion.
* \#214175 - Added API to auto detect the complex scripts in Word to PDF conversion.
* \#213984 - Added support to restart the list number while performing Mail merge.
* \#215528 - Added support to specify Encoding while converting a Word document to HTML.
* \#213040 - Added option to maintain information about imported list styles while importing Word document elements.


### Bug Fixes
{:#DocIO-bug-fixes}

* \#218957 - The **IndexOutOfRangeException** will no longer be thrown while updating TOC in RTF format document.
* \#218795 - The **XMLException** will no longer be thrown while resaving a DOCX format document.
* \#210586 - The **NotSupportedException** will no longer be thrown while converting a HTML document to Word document.
* \#210586 - Page break preservation issue has been resolved in HTML to Word conversion.
* \#210586 - Text is now aligned properly while converting an HTML document to Word document.
* \#210586 - Tab is now preserved properly while converting a document to HTML.
* \#217440 - Image is now preserved properly while converting a Word document to PDF.
* \#217259 - Nested paragraphs are now preserved properly while opening a Word document.
* \#215506 - RTL text is now preserved properly while converting a Word document to PDF.
* \#213770, \#208117 - Hanging issue has been resolved while updating a Word document fields.
* \#208452 - Table content is now preserved properly while converting a Word document to PDF.
* \#216566 - The file will no longer be corrupted while adding Chart into a Word document (DOCX).
* \#215421 - Paragraph list is now preserved properly while merging a cloned paragraph with ImportOptions.KeepSourceFormatting.
* \#F139944, \#215539 - Custom UI is now preserved properly while opening and saving a Word document (DOCX). 
* \#214749 - The **FormatException** will no longer be thrown while opening a Word document.
* \#214664 - Table cell content is now preserved properly while converting a Word document to PDF.
* \#214435 - Hanging issue has been resolved while converting a Word document to Image.
* \#213886 - List number is now preserved properly while opening and saving a Word document (DOCX).
* \#F139508 - Page border position is now preserved properly while converting a Word document to PDF.
* \#213327 - Shape is now preserved properly while converting a Word document to PDF.
* \#213151 - Bullets are now preserved properly while merging the Word documents.
* \#213042 - Unexpected frame preservation issue has been resolved while calling the WordDocument.Replace API for Word document.
* \#212593 - Text wrapping issue has been resolved while converting a Word document to PDF.
* \#212502 - Textbox is now preserved properly while converting a Word document to PDF.
* \#182512 - The **OutOfMemoryException** will no longer be thrown while opening a Word document.
* \#218957, \#220198 - The junk characters will no longer be preserve while converting a Word document to PDF.
* \#216440 - If field result is now preserved properly while updating a Word document fields.
* \#212671, \#212772, \#220859 - List number is now preserved properly while converting a Word document to PDF.
* \#202856 - List number is now preserved properly while converting a Word document to HTML.
* \#218705 - Embedded fonts are now preserved properly while converting a Word document to PDF.
## ejSpellCheck

### Bug Fixes
{:#ejspellcheck-bug-fixes}

* \#218184 - Issue in spell check "POST" request type not working for add to dictionary and custom get suggestion has been fixed.

## FileExplorer

### Bug Fixes
{:#ejfileexplorer-bug-fixes}

* \#220281 - "Unable to specify the values in FileSize and MaxFileSize properties of FileExplorer's UploadSettings" issue has been resolved.
## Gantt

### Bug Fixes
{:#gantt-bug-fixes}

* \#219127 - Issue in PDF export while giving task id value as zero has been fixed
* \#213487 - Issue in updating custom column values with updateRecordByTaskId method has been fixed
* Issue with taskbar tool tip position when tool tip has more content has been fixed.
## PDF

### Features
{:#pdf-features}

*	\#130495, \#131138, \#136165, \#136511, \#99972, \#174605, \#175254, \#196824, \#205109, \#209482, \#218456, \#217889 - Added support for OpenType font (OTF).
*	\#140012, \#216188 - Added support for retrieving certificate details from an existing PDF document.
*	\#216464 - Added support to parse `ForeColor` and `BackColor` from `PdfLoadedFormFields`. 
	Added support to identify the secured document signed by user or owner password.


### Bug Fixes
{:#pdf-bug-fixes} 

*	\#215133 - Performance has been improved when accessing the PDF document layers.
*	\#210943, \#216074 - String was not recognized as a valid DateTime exception will no longer occur while loading a PDF document.
*	\#215941 - Barcode is now preserving with proper size when specifying the size of a barcode.
*	\#215595 - The 1D barcode is now scanning properly with default width.
*	\#215096 - FNC characters in the given input is now preserving properly for `PdfGS1Code128Barcode`.
*	\#215166 - The Null-reference exception will no longer occur while loading a PDF document.
*	\#214918 - Light table header is now preserving properly when providing the data source through `IEnumerable`.
*	\#214401 - The ArgumentException will no longer occur when loading a PDF document.
*	\#213436 - The ArgumentException will no longer occur while loading a PDF document with Spanish culture settings.
*	\#217131 - File size has been decreased while redacting a PDF document.
*	\#215998 - Performance has been improved when converting XPS to PDF document.
*	\#215977 - Text is now redacting properly when redact with annotation.
*	\#215817 - "A Graphics object cannot be created from an image that has an indexed pixel format." exception will no longer occur when redacting a PDF document.
*	\#213910 - Text is now preserving properly when converting a PDF document to PDF/A-1b document.
*	\#214354 - The Hebrew text is now preserving properly in EMF to PDF conversion.
*	\#213566, \#213951 - Text is now preserving properly when converting word document to PDF in azure function app.
*	\#212556 - The OutOfMemory exception will no longer occur when converting PDF to PDF/A-1B.
*	\#217007 - The Null-reference exception will no longer occur when importing pages from the PDF document. 

*	\#219778 - Object reference not set to an instance of an object exception will no longer occur when saving the `PdfInkAnnotation`.
*	\#217829 - Index was outside the bounds of the array exception will no longer occur when loading the PDF document.
*	\#219468 - RTL texts are now preserving properly in Word when converting to PDF.
*	\#220618 - "Object reference not set to an instance of an object exception will no longer occur when creating PDF signature.
*	\#220403 - PDF page contents are now preserving properly when redacting the PDF document twice.
*	\#219421 - EMF images are now preserving properly when converting Excel to PDF document.
*	\#219990 - Text mark annotation is now preserving properly when flatten the PDF document.
*	\#219079 - "Couldn't find information about the character exception will no longer occur when flattening the XFA document.
*	\#217865 - NullReferenceException will no longer occur while removing custom metadata entries.
*	\#218695 - Bookmark destination is now preserving properly after reading the bookmark.
*	\#218417 - Text is now preserving properly when converting EMF to PDF.
*	\#218348 - Gap between barcode data sections is now preserving properly when drawing 1D barcode to PDF.
*	\#218231 - The `PdfCode128Barcode` Size property is now working properly.
*	\#218235 - Barcodes are now preserving properly with its default size.
*	\#218230 - Exception will no longer occur when getting the size of the `PdfCode128Barcode`.
*	\#217889 - The PDF document is now preserving properly when drawing a string with OTF font.
*	\#219709 - Object reference not set instance of an object exception will no longer occur when drawing `PdfGrid` in a PDF.
*	\#218036 - Digital signatures are now preserving properly when appending the PDF document.
*	\#218192, \#218299 - NullReferenceException will no longer occur when saving the document with `EnableValidationAppearance`.








## PdfViewer

### Features
{:#pdfviewer-features}

* \#215410 – Exposed an API updateViewerSize to resize the PDF Viewer control.
* \#212436 - Exposed an event ajaxRequestSuccess to receive the JSON data on success of AJAX request.
* \#215119, \#219284, \#220256 - Provided support for ExportAsImage functionality in the PdfViewerControl.
* \#218780, \#218439 - Provided support for ExtractText functionality in the PdfViewerControl.
* \#207463, \#211760, \#218071 - Provided support for Pdfium rendering engine in the PdfViewerControl.



### Bug Fixes
{:#pdfviewer-bug-fixes}

* \#213372 - The memory consumption is now reduced while extracting the text from large PDF documents.
* \#215213 - The elements in the PDF document are now rendered properly in the exported image.
* \#215907 - The image in the PDF document is now rendered properly in the exported image.
* \#217595, \#215227, \#210823 - Content in the PDF document is now rendered properly in PDF Viewer.


## PivotClient

### Features
{:#pivotclient-features}

* \#212894 – Provided support to render measure elements inside cube dimension browser either in default order or sorted order.
* \#215353 – Provided support to update pivot button details in slicer axis through filtered report bound in code behind.
## Presentation

### Features
{:#presentation-features}

#213426 - Added support to create, edit, and remove connectors in PowerPoint files.
#208190, #173950, #213995 - Added support for `ShrinkTextOnOverflow` property while creating and editing the text in a PowerPoint file.
#214420 - Added support to clone and insert paragraphs.

### Breaking Changes
{:#presentation-breaking-changes}

The `FitTextOption` property has been added to `ITextBody` interface.
The `Insert(int, IParagraph)` method has been added to `IParagraphs` interface.
The `Clone()` method has been added to `IParagraph` interface.
The `AddConnector(ConnectorType, IShape, int, IShape, int)` method has been added to `IShapes` interface.
The `AddConnector(ConnectorType, double, double , double , double)` method has been added to `IShapes` interface.
The `ConnectionSiteCount` property has been added to `IShape` interface.

### Bug Fixes
{:#presentation-bug-fixes}

#205041 - PowerPoint files will no longer be corrupted while inserting a cloned picture.
#214098 - Chart axis labels are now preserved properly with default label bounds while converting a PowerPoint slide to image.  
#213387 - Slide background is now preserved properly while converting a PowerPoint slide to image.
#213409 - Picture fill is now preserved properly in portable PDF conversion.
#207078 - The `FormatException` will no longer be thrown while resaving a PowerPoint document with formulated path points.
## ReportDesigner `Preview`

### Features
{:#reportdesigner-features}

* \#205987,\#215254,\#218981 – Provided tablix report item support to display data in table or matrix format. It includes the following unique features:
    * Row and column grouping.
    * Total support for row and column groups.
    * Filter and sort expressions support for groups.
    * Cell customization support.
    * Cell merging support.
    * Support to insert report items such as text boxes, images, lines, and subreports in tablix cells.
    * Visual cues to indicate row and column groups.

### Bug Fixes
{:#reportdesigner-bug-fixes}

* \#216844 - Fixed the content overflow issue in summary row property of grid report items.
* \#218559 - Resolved the schema version issue to save the report with the respective schema version instead of 2010 XML namespace by default. 
* \#216246 - Fixed the report preview failure when the text from the web designer contains hexadecimal or Unicode values.
## ReportViewer

### Features

* \#216091, #211268 – Provided user defined custom attribute to render the trendline chart.
* \#217143 – Provided support to show the tooltip for chart series.
* \#217103 – Provided `AjaxBeforeLoad` event for report viewer in ASP.NET webforms.
* \#218488 - Provided support to hide specific chart legend using an expression.
* \#F130662 - Provided support to use referred assembly method directly in an expression.
* \#186305,#F132567,#212724 - Provided support to render `DateTime` parameter values based on the client and server language culture.
* \#216948 - Provided support to load data source connection string based on the report parameter value.

### Bug Fixes
{:#reportviewer-bug-fixes}

* \#218751 - The slash appending problem for User ID built-in collection while previewing the report with empty domain value has been resolved.
* \#220361 - Now, foreground hexadecimal color code value is applied properly in the Report Viewer when it is set through HTML markup text.
* \#F140611 - Problem in updating the report margin value in print preview has been resolved.
* \#214304 - Drillthrough hyperlink action with Javascript methods will be navigated to proper page in the Report Viewer.
* \#219807 - Now, `DateSerial` function returns proper value if `AddMonth` or `AddDays` method is used in expression.
* \#218850 - Problem in displaying the chart legend for list of chart report item inside the subreport has been resolved.
* \#216656 - Now, Thai culture text will be displayed properly when using external Garamond font in PDF export.
* \#216800, #217998 - Problem in collapse toggle functionality for child report items in Excel export has been resolved.
* \#212724 - Now, drillthrough-date-time parameter values have been updated properly in the subreport.
* \#204379 - Problem in displaying the value in chart axis when the date format is applied has been resolved.
* \#218557 – The blank page rendering issue when using the nested tablix with span cells has been resolved.
* \#216640 – Now, Lookup, LookupSet, MultiLookup miscellaneous functions return correct values when different scopes are used in single expression.
* \#215937 – NRE in the chart report item when it contains legend title has been resolved.
* \#213670 – Now, the external font is applied properly in the chrome browser when font contains spacing character.
* \#215645 – Now, the export and fit to page toolbar options are updated properly based on focus.
* \#215524 – The parameter block visibility problem in the print layout when the view report action is triggered has been resolved.

## RichTextEditor

###  Bug Fixes
{:#rte-bug-fixes}

* \#217155 - Exception when br tag has attributes issue has been fixed.

## TreeGrid

### Features
{:#treegrid-features}

* \#217407 - Provided diacritics character support in TreeGrid filtering.

### Bug Fixes
{:#treegrid-bug-fixes}

* \#219463 - Issue in exporting filtered data with filterOperators as Equal or NotEqual has been fixed
* \#217739 - Issue in updateRecordByIndex public method with batch editing has been fixed.
* \#216627 - Now it is possible to get the hidden column field value in actionComplete event arguments
* \#216853 - Issue in search text box with multiple tree grid in same page has been fixed.
* \#214546 - Issue in updating column width dynamically has been fixed

## XlsIO

### Breaking Changes
{:#xlsio-breaking-changes}

* \#217605 - `UseStringDelimiter` has been added in `IApplication` interface to support string delimiter in CSV document.
* \#218001 - `SkipAutoFitRow` has been added in `IApplication` interface to skip autofit for rows.
* `CustomPaperSize` has been added in `ExcelToPdfConverterSettings` class to support setting custom paper size while converting Excel document to PDF.

### Bug Fixes
{:#xlsio-bug-fixes}

* \#139653 - Issue with VLOOKUP formula while setting custom separators in German culture is fixed.
* \#204947 - Exception thrown while opening Excel document with duplicate attributes is resolved.
* \#212300 - Null reference exception is no longer thrown while add copying the workbook with invalid sheet references.
* \#212300 - File corruption issue while copying a range having named range formula referring to External workbook is resolved.
* \#213242 - Chart default axis title area text settings and text box properties are now cloned properly in XlsIO.
* \#213274 - `StandardHeight` is now properly set for XlsIO generated Excel documents.
* \#213608 - Incorrect Rich-Text format while saving the Excel document is fixed.
* \#213658 - Null reference exception thrown while getting `ListOfValues` property of Data Validation is fixed
* \#213658 - `NumberFormatSettings` returning null value while accessing particular range is fixed.
* \#213658 - Issue with `FirstFormula` property of Data Validation in binary Excel files is fixed.
* \#213819 - `DeleteColumn` method works properly for CSV file.
* \#214495 - Issue with slicer getting removed on saving the file in Excel 2007 version is fixed.
* \#214638 - Excel file with incorrect anchor type for shapes is resaved properly without any corruption.
* \#214638 - Excel file with text box is resaved properly in Excel 2007 version without any corruption.
* \#214879 - Exception thrown while parsing the named range formula without worksheet reference is resolved.
* \#214915 - Enabling `WrapText` property will no longer throw exception during `BeginUpdate()`.
* \#214924 - Excel file with conditional formats is resaved properly without any corruption.
* \#215001 - Issue with horizontal alignment for textbox is resolved.
* \#215030 - Null reference exception thrown on casting chart data label as text area on parsing Excel file is fixed.
* \#215185 - Text box color and macro link are properly resaved in the Excel document.
* \#215197 - Issue with changing legend position from manual layout is fixed.
* \#215350 - Special characters (Ampersand and less-than symbols) can be used in `HTMLString` property without any exception.
* \#215591 - Issue with copying borders in merged cells is fixed.
* \#215649 - Date format is now preserved properly when creating Excel from data table.
* \#216094 - ArgumentException thrown while assigning "/" as cell value is fixed.
* \#216187, \#214895 - Performance issue while inserting rows is resolved.
* \#216305 - `AutoFitColumn` now works properly for currency values.
* \#217511 - Object reference exception thrown while converting Excel file with icon set in conditional formats to PDF is fixed.
* \#214098 - Issue in setting maximum labels count for chart numeric axis in chart to image conversion is fixed.
* \#214895 - Alignment issue in Excel to PDF conversion for cells with conditional formats applied is fixed.
* \#211036 - Performance issue while converting chart with formulas to PDF is resolved.
* \#215896 - ArgumentException thrown while converting Excel file having background color set for text box to PDF is fixed.
* ArgumentException thrown while accessing used range having styles alone is fixed.
* Border set to a cell through `BordersAround` method is now applied properly.
* Unhandled exception thrown while opening an Excel file with duplicate shape attribute is fixed.
* \#210172, \#218493 – Protected document with objects is resaved properly without unlocking the objects.
* \#214445 - Exception thrown in Table.Refresh() with ODBC connection using XlsIO is fixed.
* \#216939 - ArgumentOutOfRangeException is no longer thrown while saving the workbook with shapes, after deleting rows.
* \#217119 - Performance delay while applying multilevel subtotal is fixed.
* \#217178 - XML exception thrown while opening XML document with invalid attribute value is fixed.
* \#217348 - Exception thrown while setting font for empty text has been resolved.
* \#217365 - Issues with inserting new rows in table and add copying the worksheets with table formulas is fixed.
* \#217695 - Exception will no longer be thrown while opening Excel file with duplicate custom XML relations.
* \#218001 - Autofit row enhancement is implemented for Calibri and Tahoma fonts.
* \#218655, \#218656, \#220908 - Line breaks are now properly retrieved for cells with Rich-Text.
* \#218676 - Chart legend border value is properly retrieved while resaving the Excel file.
* \#218730 - Manual layout is preserved properly while resaving the Excel document.
* \#218730 - XML error thrown while parsing Excel document with charts is fixed.
* \#218869 - Color formatting issue due to comma cell style is fixed.
* \#218983 - Null reference exception thrown while opening the Excel document without theme.xml file is resolved.
* \#219575 - Conditional formats are now properly serialized for an empty document.
* \#219606 - Format exception is no longer raised while opening the Excel file in German culture.
* \#220197 - Excel file is properly converted to PDF without any blank page.
* \#217780 - Conditional formats are now preserved properly in Excel to PDF conversion.
* \#217800, \#140395 – Issue with bubble chart sizing in  Chart to Image conversion is fixed.
* \#218016 - Text cropping issue in Excel to PDF conversion when text length exceeds the cell width is fixed.
* \#218648 - Issue with Time being incorrectly preserved while converting Date1904 enabled workbook to PDF is fixed.
* \#217198 - Issue with image being cropped while converting Excel to PDF has been resolved.
* Exception thrown while accessing `UsedRange` of worksheet in an Excel workbook opened with `ExcelParseOptions.ParseWorksheetsOnDemand` is resolved.
* `DisplayText` is retrieved properly after getting `CalculatedValue`.
* Issue with secondary value axis for different chart types is fixed.
* Next available column ID is properly updated while refreshing the query table in existing workbook.
