---
title: Essential Studio for ASP.NET  2018 Volume 4 Nuget package  Release Notes  
description: Essential Studio for ASP.NET  2018 Volume 4 Nuget package  Release Notes  
platform: aspnet
documentation: ug
---

# Essential Studio for ASP.NET  Release Notes  

{% include release-info.html date="December 24, 2018"   version="v16.4.0.44" %} 

<style>
#license {
    font-size: .88em!important;
margin-top: 1.5em;     margin-bottom: 1.5em;
    background-color: #def8ff;
    padding: 10px 17px 14px;
}
</style>

<div id="license">
Starting with version 16.2 (2018 Vol 2), you need to include a valid license key (either paid or trial key) within your applications. 
Please refer to this <a href="/common/essential-studio/licensing/license-key">help topic</a> for more information 
</div>

<div id="license">
Starting with version 16.4 (2018 Vol 4), Syncfusion has removed .NET Framework 3.5 and 4.5.1 assemblies from the ASP.NET install. These assemblies are provided in a separate add-on install. 
Please refer to this <a href="/common/essential-studio/installation/essential-studio-platform-framework-add-ons">help topic</a> for more information.
</div>






## DocIO

No Changes for this product in this version.

[//]: # "Delete the contents of this file while new content is added."

## PDF

No Changes for this product in this version.

[//]: # "Delete the contents of this file while new content is added."

## Presentation

No Changes for this product in this version.

[//]: # "Delete the contents of this file while new content is added."

## XlsIO

### Bug Fixes
{:#xlsio-bug-fixes}

* \#141101 - Comment text is parsed properly in XlsIO.
* \#221229 - Issue with pivot field values due to improper pivot field data format is fixed.
* \#222156 - Improper number detection in invariant culture is fixed.
* \#221693 - Parameter invalid exception thrown while converting Excel document into PDF has been resolved.
* Setting table column header name no more corrupts the Excel file.
* DataBar color in conditional formats is now applied properly for negative values.
