---
title: Essential Studio for ASP.NET  2018 Volume 3 Nuget package  Release Notes
description: Essential Studio for ASP.NET  2018 Volume 3 Nuget package  Release Notes
platform: aspnet
documentation: ug
---

# Essential Studio for ASP.NET  Release Notes

{% include release-info.html date="November 27, 2018"  version="v16.3.0.36" %} 

<style>
#license {
    font-size: .88em!important;
margin-top: 1.5em;     margin-bottom: 1.5em;
    background-color: #def8ff;
    padding: 10px 17px 14px;
}
</style>

<div id="license">
Starting with version 16.2 (2018 Vol 2), you need to include a valid license key (either paid or trial key) within your applications. 
Please refer to this <a href="/common/essential-studio/licensing/license-key">help topic</a> for more information 
</div>






## ejSpellCheck

### Bug Fixes
{:#ejspellcheck-bug-fixes}

* \#218184 - Issue in spell check "POST" request type not working for add to dictionary and custom get suggestion has been fixed.

## ReportViewer

### Bug Fixes
{:#reportviewer-bug-fixes}

* \#218751 - The slash appending problem for User ID built-in collection while previewing the report with empty domain value has been resolved.
* \#220361 - Now, foreground hexadecimal color code value is applied properly in the Report Viewer when it is set through HTML markup text.
* \#F140611 - Problem in updating the report margin value in print preview has been resolved.
* \#214304 - Drillthrough hyperlink action with Javascript methods will be navigated to proper page in the Report Viewer.
* \#219807 - Now, `DateSerial` function returns proper value if `AddMonth` or `AddDays` method is used in expression.
* \#218850 - Problem in displaying the chart legend for list of chart report item inside the subreport has been resolved.
* \#216656 - Now, Thai culture text will be displayed properly when using external Garamond font in PDF export.
* \#216800, #217998 - Problem in collapse toggle functionality for child report items in Excel export has been resolved.
* \#212724 - Now, drillthrough-date-time parameter values have been updated properly in the subreport.
* \#204379 - Problem in displaying the value in chart axis when the date format is applied has been resolved.

