---
title: Essential Studio for ASP.NET  2018 Volume 2 Service pack 2 Release Notes
description: Essential Studio for ASP.NET  2018 Volume 2 Service pack 2 Release Notes
platform: aspnet
documentation: ug
---

# Essential Studio for ASP.NET Release Notes

{% include release-info.html date=site.releasedate.2018_vol_2_sp2  version="v16.2.0.50" %} 

<style>
#license {
    font-size: .88em!important;
margin-top: 1.5em;     margin-bottom: 1.5em;
    background-color: #def8ff;
    padding: 10px 17px 14px;
}
</style>

<div id="license">
Starting with version 16.2 (2018 Vol 2), you need to include a valid license key (either paid or trial key) within your applications. 
Please refer to this <a href="/common/essential-studio/licensing/license-key">help topic</a> for more information 
</div>






## Chart

### Bug fixes
{:#chart-bug-fixes}

* \#210910 - Now, chart will render properly, after binding values to [`primaryYAxis`](https://help.syncfusion.com/api/js/ejchart#members:primaryyaxis) through set model.
* \#212513 - Passing y values as string to [`dataSource`](https://help.syncfusion.com/api/js/ejchart#members:series-datasource) is now working properly.
## DocIO

### Bug Fixes
{:#DocIO-bug-fixes}

* \#209408 - If field result is now properly updated while updating document fields in a particular Word document.
* \#208463 - Paragraph tags are properly created while converting a particular Word document as PDF with accessibility.
* \#211412, \#212690 - `OutOfMemoryException` will be no longer thrown while performing Find & Replace functionality for a particular Word document.
* \#210863, \#211412 - `ArgumentOutOfRangeException` will be no longer thrown while calling the `FindAll()` API for a particular Word document.
* \#208450 - Table border is now preserved properly while converting a particular RTF document as PDF.
* \#205945 - Word document will be no longer hangs while converting a particular Word document as PDF.
* \#211046 - The nested `AutoNum` field is now properly skipped while updating its container field.
* \#208117 - Hanging issue has been resolved while updating fields in a particular Word document.
* \#211709 - Style attribute is now preserved properly while converting a particular Word document as HTML.
* \#210867 - List number is now restarted properly on importing contents with `ImportOptions` as `ListRestartNumbering` and saving the resultant document as DOC format.
* \#209964 - List style is now preserved properly for the first paragraph inserted to a bookmark using Bookmark Navigator.
* \#204947 - Text wrapping issue has been resolved while converting a particular Word document as PDF.
* \#206374 - Content control content is now preserved properly while converting a particular Word document as PDF.
* \#207193 - The first dot(.) character of a paragraph within a table containing decimal tab stop position is now automatically justified like tab (\t) character while converting Word document as PDF.
## Gantt

### Bug Fixes
{:#gantt-bug-fixes}

* \#212778 – Issue in PDF export with task dependencies and milestones enabled has been fixed.
* Issue in displaying tasks with duration value as `0` in resource view Gantt has been fixed.
## Grid


### Bug Fixes
{:#grid-bug-fixes}

*  \#211327 - Selection is maintained in all pages after the postback.
*  \#212194 - Template column works fine after the server postback.
## PDF

### Bug Fixes
{:#pdf-bug-fixes} 

*	\#207834 - Null reference exception thrown while loading some PDF documents is now fixed.
*	\#210943 - String not recognized exception will no longer thrown when loading some PDF documents.
*	\#210828 - Corruption issue after signing the PDF document is now fixed.
*	\#211845 - SelectedIndex property issue in PdfLoadedRadioButtonField is now fixed.
*	\#208585 - Form fields are not duplicated when loading and saving the PDF document.
*	\#208463 - Underline text tags are preserved as figure will no longer occur when converting Word to PDF.
*	\#210703 - Null value returns from the LinePoints property will no longer occur in PdfLine Annotation.
*	\#210779 - Null reference exception will no longer occur when filling the form fields in the PDF document.
*	\#210590 - Custom metadata set property are now properly working in the PDF document.
*	\#211089 - Appearance are now preserved properly for selected item in the PdfLoadedComboBoxField.
*	\#207022 - The text of multiline XFA text box field is now wrapping properly.
*	\#208909 - Null reference exception will no longer occur when converting HTML to PDF.
*	\#211011 - HTML to tagged PDF conversion will be preserved properly.
*   \#211008 - HTML converter will no longer hang when converting HTML to tagged PDF. 
*   \#204693 - The orientation value set in the image properties is now detected and rendered properly when drawn to the PDF page.






## PdfViewer

### Bug Fixes
{:#pdfviewer-bug-fixes}

* \#208885 - Now, the position of the annotations and signatures are maintained properly in the downloaded document.
* \#205565, \#210823 - Text contents of the PDF document are now rendered properly in the PDF viewer control.
* \#209790 - Now, the extracted image is rendered properly.
* \#210136 - Now, the exception is not thrown on performing the extract image functionality with the provided document.
* \#209771 - Now, the extra character is not added in the extracted text.
* \#211766 - Size of the form fields are now maintained properly in the PDF viewer control.


## PivotClient

### Features

{:#pivotclient-features}

* \#210141 - Conditional formatting can now be applied to PivotGrid present inside PivotClient.

## Presentation

### Bug Fixes
{:#presentation-bug-fixes}
* \#209572 - Bullets are now preserved equivalent to the PowerPoint document while converting a PowerPoint slide as image.
* \#211236 - Rotated group shapes are now preserved equivalent to the PowerPoint document while converting a slide as image.
* \#209550 - `Object reference exception` will no more thrown while loading a PowerPoint document created with XMLPowerTools.
* \#211236 - Individual shape bounds within the group shapes are now updated to the properties while loading a PowerPoint document.
* `String format exception` will no more thrown while creating animations in Afrikaans culture.
* `Access violation exception` will no more thrown while re-saving a PowerPoint document with same file name.
## ReportViewer

### Bug Fixes
{:#reportviewer-bug-fixes}

* \#138473 - The header report item overlapping to body content in print preview has been resolved.
* \#210506, 210688 - Now, the multiple nested grouping toggle exports properly to excel when initial toggle state of parent group is hidden.
* \#210669 - Resolved non html tag markup text rendering problem in reportviewer.

## TreeGrid

### Bug Fixes
{:#treegrid-bug-fixes}

* \#211707 –  Issue with column resizing action in Firefox browser has been fixed.

## XlsIO

### Breaking Changes
{:#xlsio-breaking-changes}

* \#207306 - `DetectMixedValueType` enumeration is added for detecting mixed data typed column values while exporting to DataTable.
* \#203029 –  `TypeMismatchOnExport` event and  `ExportEventArgs` class are added in `IApplication` interface to notify the user about the mismatch between cell type and property type while Exporting data to CLR Objects.

### Bug fixes
{:#xlsio-bug-fixes}


* \#211514 - NullReferenceException thrown while opening a file in multi-thread environment is fixed.
* \#210082 - Exception thrown while copying an Excel document to another document with named range and saving is resolved.
* \#210172 - Conditional format formulas applied to `ConditionValue` property are now properly updated in advanced conditional formats.
* \#210172 - Image protection in XLS documents will not be removed after resave.
* \#209739 - Exception thrown while parsing workbook with empty styles is resolved.
* \#209443 - Merged cells are now properly copied to another range during `CopyTo()` method.
* \#138492 - Issue with `ListOfValues` property in Data Validation is fixed.
* \#208900 - Invalid operation exception is no longer thrown in Excel to PDF conversion of an Excel document with charts.
* \#211825 - Exception thrown while converting an Excel file to PDF with styles is resolved.
* \#210068 - Shrink to fit now works proper in Excel to PDF conversion.
* Shape text position will be proper in Excel to PDF conversion when horizontal flip is applied.
* Number formats are returned proper while parsing.
* Image will no longer be saved into local storage while converting the Excel workbook to HTML stream.
* Print area is cleared properly when `PrintArea` is set to null.
* Out of Memory Exception thrown while parsing a CSV file with large number of rows is fixed.
* Issue with clearing Rich-Text and its formatting is resolved.


