---
title: Essential Studio for ASP.NET  2018 Volume 2 Service pack 1 Release Notes
description: Essential Studio for ASP.NET  2018 Volume 2 Service pack 1 Release Notes
platform: aspnet
documentation: ug
---

# Essential Studio for ASP.NET Release Notes

{% include release-info.html date=site.releasedate.2018_vol_2_sp1  version="v16.2.0.46" %} 

<style>
#license {
    font-size: .88em!important;
margin-top: 1.5em;     margin-bottom: 1.5em;
    background-color: #def8ff;
    padding: 10px 17px 14px;
}
</style>

<div id="license">
Starting with version 16.2 (2018 Vol 2), you need to include a valid license key (either paid or trial key) within your applications. 
Please refer to this <a href="/common/essential-studio/licensing/license-key">help topic</a> for more information 
</div>







## Chart

### Bug fixes
{:#chart-bug-fixes}

* \#205762 - Now, chart will render properly, after binding to [`dataSource`](https://help.syncfusion.com/api/js/ejchart#members:series-datasource) with null value.
* \#207489 - [`axisLabelClick`](https://help.syncfusion.com/api/js/ejchart#events:axislabelclick) is now triggering when [`labelIntersectAction`](https://help.syncfusion.com/api/js/ejchart#members:primaryxaxis-labelintersectaction) is rotate45.
## Diagram


### Features
{:#diagram-features}

* \#209242 - Gradient support for node's border color is added.
## DocIO

### Features
{:#DocIO-features}

* \#205783, \#F138587 - Added `Rotation` property in `WPicture` class.

### Bug Fixes
{:#DocIO-bug-fixes}

* \#209648 - Tab characters are preserved properly while converting a particular Word document as PDF.
* \#204167, \#209881 - `InvalidOperationException` will be no longer thrown while converting a particular Word document as PDF.
* \#204167, \#209881 - `IndexOutOfRangeException` will be no longer thrown while converting a particular Word document as PDF.
* \#208660, \#206994, \#204167 - `ArgumentOutOfRangeException` will be no longer thrown while converting a particular Word document as PDF.
* \#208268 - Paragraph spacing is now preserved properly when replacing content in table cell for a particular Word document.
* \#F138091 - Table header is now preserved properly while converting a particular Word document as PDF.
* \#207657 - Word document will be no longer corrupted when inserting image in a particular Word document.
* \#208020 - paragraph spacing is preserved properly while converting a particular Word document as PDF.
* \#208046 - Multi column is now preserved properly in Word Perfect Office Viewer while resaving a particular Word document as RTF.
* \#207861 - Word document will be no longer corrupted in Microsoft Word 2007 application while resaving a particular Word document.
* \#207772 - Image position is now preserved properly while converting a particular Word document as PDF.
* \#207653 - Text shading is now preserved properly while converting a particular Word document as PDF.
* \#207619, \#205309 - Table is now preserved properly while converting a particular Word document as PDF.
* \#204167, \#209881 - Performance has been improved while converting a particular Word document as PDF.
* \#204167, \#209881 - `StackOverflowException` will be no longer thrown while converting a particular Word document as PDF.
* \#205919 - Image size is now preserved properly while converting a particular Word document as RTF.
* \#206868 - Bookmark hyperlink is now navigate properly while converting a particular Word document as PDF.
* \#206703, \#203618 - Word document will be no longer hangs while converting a particular Word document as PDF.
* \#206993, \#203639 - `NullReferenceException` will be no longer thrown while converting a particular Word document as PDF.
* \#206485 - Table splitting issue has been resolved while converting a particular Word document as PDF.
* \#206496, \#205904 - Content control content is now preserved properly while converting a particular Word document as PDF.
* \#206202, \#205099, \#208898 - List number is now preserved properly while converting a particular Word document as PDF.
* \#205329, \#209408, \#203051 - Word document will be no longer hangs while updating document fields in a particular Word document.
* \#205631, \#205309 - Text wrapping issue has been resolved while converting a particular Word document as PDF.
* \#205633 - `NullReferenceException` will be no longer thrown while parsing a particular Word document.
* \#205309 - Table cell text preservation issue has been resolved while converting a particular Word document as PDF.
* \#205309 - Table position issue has been resolved while converting a particular Word document as PDF.
* \#205250 - `InvalidOperationException` will be no longer thrown while parsing a particular RTF format document.
* \#205188 - `StackOverflowException` will be no longer thrown while updating document fields in a particular Word document.
* \#202856 - TOC preservation issue has been resolved while converting a particular Word document as HTML.
* \#204774 - `NullReferenceException` will be no longer thrown while deleting bookmark content in a particular Word document.
* \#204774 - Bookmark content is now deleted properly in a particular Word document.
* \#204542 - TextBox is now preserved properly while converting a particular Word document as PDF.
* \#204342 - Paragraph spacing is now preserved properly while converting a particular Word document as PDF.
* \#202253 - `OutOfMemoryException` will be no longer thrown while parsing a particular Word document.
* \#180963, \#193566 - Font preservation issue has been resolved while converting a particular Word document as PDF.
* \#205322 - Chinese characters are preserved properly while converting a particular Word document as PDF.
* \#208059 - `MAX` field is now properly skipped from updating error result while updating fields in a particular Word document.
## Gantt

### Features
{:#gantt-features}

* \#206384 - In Gantt dialog, UI of resource tab and predecessor tab has been optimized to improve user experience.
* \#205709 - Now it is possible to update the date value of the task which has task dependencies, using `updateRecordByTaskId` method.

### Bug Fixes
{:#gantt-bug-fixes}

* \#208134 - Issue with custom fields in edit dialog of resource view in Gantt has been fixed.
* \#F138054 - Now it is possible to update the header format of the hour timescale dynamically without any issues.
* \#207114 - Issue in custom dropdown control in Gantt edit dialog with dropdown data as integer value has been fixed.
* \#208827 - Duplicate element generation issue in Gantt has been fixed.
* \#206486, F137757 - Issue in exporting parent task with a milestone as child item has been fixed.
## Grid


### Bug Fixes
{:#grid-bug-fixes}

*  \#208140 - WaterMark Text is applied properly for DatePicker when validation is enabled.
*  \#207371 - Word Exporting of grid with summary is working properly.
*  \#204836 - Validation is working fine when a new record is added.
## Kanban

### Bug fixes
{:#kanban-bug-fixes}

* \#209186 - The issue with triggering `OnServerCardClick` event has been resolved. 

## PDF

### Bug Fixes
{:#pdf-bug-fixes} 

*	\#209067 - XML files are now importing properly as form fields.
*	\#209067 - Drop-down form fields are now exporting properly as XML files.
*	\#209809 - “Unable to decrypt document without ID” exception will no longer occur when decrypting the PDF documents.
*	\#209809 - “Catalog is not present” exception will no longer occur when loading the PDF documents.
*	\#209809,207003 - “Password is incorrect exception” will no longer occur when loading the PDF documents.
*	\#205727,199398 - URI value from `PdfLoadedUriAnnotation` is now retrieving properly from the PDF document.
*	\#205636 - "Index out of range exception" will no longer occur when loading the PDF documents.
*	\#206504 - Imported document size is not increased if the source document contains hyperlinks.
*	\#204160 - Content is now preserving properly when adding large text to a `PdfGrid` cell in landscape page.
*	\#206944 - PDF signature appearance is updating properly when using appearance graphics.
*	\#209484 - "Null reference exception" will no longer occur when accessing layer of the PDF document.
*	\#204266 - Incorrect layer behavior and syntax issues in Preflight when creating layers in PDF document are now fixed.
*	\#207003 - "Index and length must refer to a location within the string" exception will no longer occur when loading the PDF documents.
*	\#206043 - The blank page will no longer be created when rotating the PDF documents.
*	\#205034 - Preservation issues will no longer occur when adding layers with overlay to PDF documents.
*	\#208125 - "Argument Out Of Range exception" will no longer occur when importing pages from the PDF documents.
*	\#206826 - All the form fields are now preserving properly when merging the PDF documents.
*	\#206864,209809 - Hanging issues will no longer occur when importing pages form the PDF document.
*	\#208472 - PDF document corruption issue will no longer occur when merging the PDF documents.
*	\#209467 - "Object reference not set to an instance of an object" exception will no longer occur when loading the PDF documents.
*	\#206344 - Text box fields are now preserving properly when flattening the PDF documents.
*	\#207010,206810 - Null reference exception will no longer occur when appending the PDF documents.
*	\#204640 - "Can't convert to rectangle" exception will no longer occur when flattening the PDF documents.
*	\#210823 - Null reference exception will no longer occur when performing `ExportAsImage` operation.
*	\#204392 - The exact OCR error message is now displayed in case of OCR failure.
*	\#207441 - "Null reference exception" will no longer occur when converting Word document to PDF with `PdfXConformance`.
*	\#202700 - Bullets in the Word document are now preserving properly when converted to PDF.
*	\#208145 - The header in the  Word document is now preserving properly when converted to PDF.
*	\#207105 - No extra figured tags are added when converting HTML to tagged PDF.
*	\#207447 - Hyperlinks are now preserving properly when href contains hash tag in HTML.
*	\#205172 - RTL text is now preserving properly when converting Word document to PDF.






## PdfViewer

### Features
{:#pdfviewer-features}

* \#204928, \#166056, \#162399, \#178537, \#194227, \#196818, \#197343, \#198839, \#202013 - The CCITTFax decoder filter images are rendered properly in Google Chrome and Firefox browser using the PDF viewer control.


### Bug Fixes
{:#pdfviewer-bug-fixes}

* \#207860 - No exception will be thrown while exporting the PDF document as images.
* \#206571, \#207989 - Contents of the PDF document are now rendered properly in PDF viewer.
* \#206569 - Text contents of the PDF document are now rendered properly in PDF viewer.
* \#208837 - Table borders are now rendered properly in PDF viewer.
* \#204717 - The question mark content is now rendered properly in PDF viewer.
* \#206825 - Now, the extracted image color is same as the original image color.
* \#207455 - Position of the check boxes and the radio buttons are now preserved properly in Internet Explorer (IE).
* \#204631 - Text contents of the PDF document are now rendered properly in the PDF viewer control.
* \#206267, \#208585 - Downloaded file size is now same as the size of the original document.
* \#203897 - Now, the application does not hang while loading the provided PDF document in the PDF viewer control.


## PivotChart

### Features
{:#pivotchart-features}

* \#202918 - The widget can now be exported with specified height and width to the applicable document formats.

## PivotClient

### Features
{:#pivotclient-features}

*  \#203556 – Provided caption option for the members inside member editor dialog.

## PivotGrid

### Features
{:#pivotgrid-Features}

* \#206533 - Zero can be displayed instead of empty cells in pivot grid.
## Presentation

### Bug Fixes
{:#presentation-bug-fixes}
* \#205737 - Text orientation in SmartArt nodes are preserved properly while converting a PowerPoint presentation to image.
* \#205502 - Application will no longer hang while re-saving the PowerPoint presentation.
* \#205217 - `NullReferenceException` is no more thrown while converting a Presentation slide to PDF.
## ReportViewer

### Bug Fixes
{:#reportviewer-bug-fixes}

* \#198150 - Now, child parameter values are updated properly when multi-valued parent parameter is changed.
* \#210648 - Incorrect resource text of reportviewer toolbar elements has been replaced with correct contents for Pt-BR culture.
* \#206918 - Rendering problem in PDF export when data region report item used inside rectangle has been resolved.
* \#204628 - The exception in PDF export when textbox report item contains HTML content has been resolved.

## TreeGrid

### Bug Fixes
{:#treegrid-bug-fixes}

* \#205681 - Issue in updating data source with total summary rows has been fixed.

## XlsIO

### Bug fixes
{:#xlsio-bug-fixes}

* \#209729 - Null reference exception thrown while adding marker variable with copy style argument is resolved.
* \#209443 - Null reference exception thrown while copying empty worksheet range is resolved.
* \#209443 - Shape is not copied properly to another range while clearing range is fixed.
* \#209538 - Cell value is rendered properly in Excel to PDF conversion.
* \#208893 - Transparent image background in rendered properly in PDF conversion.
* \#208554 - Application exception ambiguity conflict between Microsoft Common Object Runtime Library and Syncfusion.Compression NuGet package is resolved.
* \#207203 – Random exceptions on accessing `RTFText` property multiple times is resolved.
* \#208141 - Exception thrown while converting chart with range collection is resolved.
* \#208122 - Exception thrown while opening a file with empty RTF text is resolved.
* \#207732 - Argument exception thrown while opening a workbook of strict XML type is resolved.
* \#207940 - Null reference exception raised while invoking auto fit columns on cells containing formulas is resolved.
* \#207176, \#210642 - Issue with conditional formats on a newly created worksheet is fixed.
* \#207151 - Exception is no longer thrown while saving the workbook created using `AddCopy()`.
* \#206271 - Corruption issue while resaving the file with query table is resolved.
* \#206070 - Formats are preserved correctly while saving XML file as XLSX.
* \#205858 - Table formula with column name in dimension format can be set properly.
* \#204936 - Legend alignment can be achieved properly regardless of axis labels in Chart to Image conversion.
* \#204815 - Exception raised while opening Excel file having the style count greater than maximum unique styles is fixed.
* \#204483 - XML exception raised while opening a binary file with duplicate schema is resolved.
* \#204511 - `FindAll()` returns expected value when `ExcelFindOptions` is not provided.
* \#204932 - Exception raised while setting `Fill` property for un-supported chart types on opening Excel file is resolved.
* \#204742 - Data connection parameters tag is now serialized while resaving the Excel file.
* \#204130, \#204484 - Exception thrown while parsing hyperlink in merged cells is resolved.
* \#203365 - Conditional formats are properly copied while add copying the worksheet.
* \#203557 - File corruption issue while generating worksheet from data table is resolved.
* \#203396 - File corruption while removing comments with picture from worksheet is resolved.
* \#202487 - Exception is no longer raised while parsing invalid reference to chart series name.
* \#204134 - Incorrect chart name retrieved for binary file is fixed.
* \#207784 - Exception raised while copying custom functions to a different workbook is resolved.
* \#205835 - Exception raised while cloning the workbook with conditional formats is resolved.
* Exception will no longer be thrown while applying template marker using IWorksheet.Workbook property
* Issue with shape color in Excel to PDF conversion is fixed.
* Auto filter issue while setting IconSet conditional formatting with NoIcon is resolved
* Issue with data labels in Chart to Image conversion is resolved.

