---
title: Essential Studio for ASP.NET  2018 Volume 3 Release Notes 
description: Essential Studio for ASP.NET  2018 Volume 3 Release Notes 
platform: aspnet
documentation: ug
---

# Essential Studio for ASP.NET Release Notes 

{% include release-info.html date=site.releasedate.2018_vol_3  version="v16.3.0.21" %} 

<style>
#license {
    font-size: .88em!important;
margin-top: 1.5em;     margin-bottom: 1.5em;
    background-color: #def8ff;
    padding: 10px 17px 14px;
}
</style>

<div id="license">
Starting with version 16.2 (2018 Vol 2), you need to include a valid license key (either paid or trial key) within your applications. 
Please refer to this <a href="/common/essential-studio/licensing/license-key">help topic</a> for more information 
</div>






## Common

### Breaking changes
{:#common-breakingchanges}

* Syncfusion has changed the NuGet packages naming along with Syncfusion platform for understanding the control of the platform from Essential Studio 2018 Vol 3 release (v16.3.0.21). Please refer to this [Knowledge Base](https://www.syncfusion.com/kb/9337) to learn more about the name changes of NuGet packages

| Previous package name | New package name (16.3.0.21 onwards) |
 --- | --- |
|  Syncfusion.DocIO.Base |  Syncfusion.DocIO.AspNet | 
| Syncfusion.Pdf.Base | Syncfusion.Pdf.AspNet | 
| Syncfusion.XlsIO.Base | Syncfusion.XlsIO.AspNet | 
| Syncfusion.HtmlConverter.Base | Syncfusion.HtmlToPdfConverter.IE.AspNet |  
| Syncfusion.PMML.Base | Syncfusion.PMML.AspNet |
| Syncfusion.Presentation.Base  |Syncfusion.Presentation.AspNet |
| Syncfusion.PresentationToPdfConverter.Base  | Syncfusion.PresentationToPdfConverter.AspNet |
|Syncfusion.ExcelToPdfConverter.Base  | Syncfusion.ExcelToPdfConverter.AspNet |
| Syncfusion.OfficeChartToImageConverter.WPF  |Syncfusion.OfficeChartToImageConverter.AspNet |
| Syncfusion.ExcelChartToImageConverter.WPF  | Syncfusion.ExcelChartToImageConverter.AspNet|
| Syncfusion.DocToPDFConverter.Base  | Syncfusion.DocToPDFConverter.AspNet |

## Chart

### Bug fixes
{:#chart-bug-fixes}

* \#205762 - Now, chart will render properly, after binding to [`dataSource`](https://help.syncfusion.com/api/js/ejchart#members:series-datasource) with null value.
* \#207489 - [`axisLabelClick`](https://help.syncfusion.com/api/js/ejchart#events:axislabelclick) is now triggering when [`labelIntersectAction`](https://help.syncfusion.com/api/js/ejchart#members:primaryxaxis-labelintersectaction) is rotate45.
* \#210910 - Now, chart will render properly, after binding values to [`primaryYAxis`](https://help.syncfusion.com/api/js/ejchart#members:primaryyaxis) through set model.
* \#212513 - Passing y values as string to [`dataSource`](https://help.syncfusion.com/api/js/ejchart#members:series-datasource) is now working properly.
* \#205711 - The ambiguity error that occurs when using `selectionSettings` feature in chart has been fixed.
## Common

### Breaking Changes
{:#common-breaking-changes}

* Starting with version 16.3 (2018 Vol 3), we have changed the names of a few NuGet packages to better reflect their functionality on various platforms. The list of packages and their new names can be found in this [KB](https://www.syncfusion.com/kb/9337) article.
## Diagram

### Features
{:#diagram-features}

* \#209242 - Gradient support for node border color is added.
* \#211102 - Support to avoid segment overlapping when executing the hierarchical tree layout with multiple parents is added.
## DocIO

### Features
{:#DocIO-features}

* \#205783, \#F138587 - Added `Rotation` property in `WPicture` class.
* \#209664 - Added the preservation support for signature line element in DOCX to DOCX conversion.
* \#112831, \#144687, \#166519, \#209732 - Added support to update `SectionPages` field in Word to PDF conversion.
* \#214175 - Added support for complex script characters preservation in Word to PDF conversion.

### Bug Fixes
{:#DocIO-bug-fixes}

* \#209648 - Tab characters are preserved properly while converting Word document as PDF.
* \#204167, \#209881 - `InvalidOperationException` will be no longer thrown while converting Word document as PDF.
* \#204167, \#209881 - `IndexOutOfRangeException` will be no longer thrown while converting Word document as PDF.
* \#208660, \#206994, \#204167 - `ArgumentOutOfRangeException` will be no longer thrown while converting Word document as PDF.
* \#208268 - Paragraph spacing is now preserved properly when replacing content in table cell for Word document.
* \#F138091 - Table header is now preserved properly while converting Word document as PDF.
* \#207657 - Word document will be no longer corrupted when inserting image in Word document.
* \#208020 - paragraph spacing is preserved properly while converting Word document as PDF.
* \#208046 - Multi column is now preserved properly in Word Perfect Office Viewer while resaving Word document as RTF.
* \#207861 - Word document will be no longer corrupted in Microsoft Word 2007 application while resaving Word document.
* \#207772 - Image position is now preserved properly while converting Word document as PDF.
* \#207653 - Text shading is now preserved properly while converting Word document as PDF.
* \#207619, \#205309 - Table is now preserved properly while converting Word document as PDF.
* \#204167, \#209881 - Performance has been improved while converting Word document as PDF.
* \#204167, \#209881 - `StackOverflowException` will be no longer thrown while converting Word document as PDF.
* \#205919 - Image size is now preserved properly while converting Word document as RTF.
* \#206868 - Bookmark hyperlink is now navigated properly while converting Word document as PDF.
* \#203618 - Word to PDF conversion will no longer hang while converting Word document containing text box with square wrapping style in header.
* \#206703 - Word to PDF conversion will no longer hang while converting Word document containing multiple sections with continuous break.
* \#206993, \#203639 - `NullReferenceException` will be no longer thrown while converting Word document as PDF.
* \#206485 - Table splitting issue has been resolved while converting Word document as PDF.
* \#206496, \#205904 - Content control content is now preserved properly while converting Word document as PDF.
* \#206202, \#205099, \#208898, \#213761 - List number is now preserved properly while converting Word document as PDF.
* \#205329, \#209408, \#203051 - Word document will no longer hang while updating document fields in Word document.
* \#205631, \#205309 - Text wrapping issue has been resolved while converting Word document as PDF.
* \#205633 - `NullReferenceException` will be no longer thrown while parsing Word document.
* \#205309 - Table cell text preservation issue has been resolved while converting Word document as PDF.
* \#205309 - Table position issue has been resolved while converting Word document as PDF.
* \#205250 - `InvalidOperationException` will be no longer thrown while parsing RTF format document.
* \#205188 - `StackOverflowException` will be no longer thrown while updating document fields in Word document.
* \#202856 - TOC preservation issue has been resolved while converting Word document as HTML.
* \#204774 - `NullReferenceException` will be no longer thrown while deleting bookmark content in Word document.
* \#204774 - Bookmark content is now deleted properly in Word document.
* \#204542 - TextBox is now preserved properly while converting Word document as PDF.
* \#204342 - Paragraph spacing is now preserved properly while converting Word document as PDF.
* \#202253 - `OutOfMemoryException` will be no longer thrown while parsing Word document.
* \#180963, \#193566 - Font preservation issue has been resolved while converting Word document as PDF.
* \#205322 - Chinese characters are preserved properly while converting Word document as PDF.
* \#208059 - `MAX` field is now properly skipped from updating error result while updating fields in Word document.
* \#209408 - If field result is now properly updated while updating document fields in Word document.
* \#208463 - Paragraph tags are properly created while converting Word document as PDF with accessibility.
* \#211412, \#212690 - `OutOfMemoryException` will be no longer thrown while performing Find & Replace functionality for Word document.
* \#210863, \#211412 - `ArgumentOutOfRangeException` will be no longer thrown while calling the `FindAll()` API for Word document.
* \#208450 - Table border is now preserved properly while converting RTF document as PDF.
* \#205945 - Word to PDF conversion will no longer hang while converting DOC format Word document containing shape.
* \#211046 - The nested `AutoNum` field is now properly skipped while updating its container field.
* \#208117 - Hanging issue has been resolved while updating fields in Word document.
* \#211709 - Style attribute is now preserved properly while converting Word document as HTML.
* \#210867 - List number is now restarted properly on importing contents with `ImportOptions` as `ListRestartNumbering` and saving the resultant document as DOC format.
* \#209964 - List style is now preserved properly for the first paragraph inserted to a bookmark using Bookmark Navigator.
* \#204947 - Text wrapping issue has been resolved while converting Word document as PDF.
* \#206374 - Content control content is now preserved properly while converting Word document as PDF.
* \#207193 - The first dot(.) character of a paragraph within a table containing decimal tab stop position is now automatically justified like tab (\t) character while converting Word document as PDF.
* \#211192 - External Workbook relation for chart is now preserved properly while resaving DOCX document.
* \#210694 - `System.ArgumentNullException` will be no longer thrown while converting Word document as PDF.
* \#209466 - `InvalidDataException` will be no longer thrown while parsing Word document.
* \#207009 - Text format is now preserved properly while performing Mail merge for Word document.
* \#210694 - `DOCVARIABLE` field name is now preserved properly while creating a field using AppendField() API.
* \#202856 - Tab and underline is now preserved properly in TOC while converting Word document as HTML.
* \#211746 - `ArgumentException` will be no longer thrown while performing Mail merge for multiple groups within a table.
* \#211746 - `NullReferenceException` will be no longer thrown while performing Mail merge for nested groups with empty commands.
* \#208292 - Word to PDF conversion will no longer hang while converting Word document with absolute positioned table extending to multiple pages.
* \#204167 - RTL text is now indented properly while converting Word document as PDF.
* \#204167 - Absolute positioned RTL table is now preserved properly while converting Word document as PDF.
* \#F138530 - Nested table with absolute position are now preserved properly while converting Word document as PDF.
## Gantt

### Features
{:#gantt-features}

* \#154668, \#188887 - The Gantt control now supports histogram view for resource allocation. User can track the resource allocation in the project using the resource histogram view.
* \#169548, \#194187, \#197377 - Now it is possible to display the unscheduled tasks in Gantt.
* \#208948, \#F138124 - Now it is possible to highlight the working time range and non-working time range in Gantt.
* \#206384 - In Gantt dialog, the resource tab and predecessor tab UI design has been optimized to improve user experience.
* \#205709 - Now it is possible to update the date value of the task which has task dependencies, using `updateRecordByTaskId` method.

### Bug Fixes
{:#gantt-bug-fixes}

* \#213487 - Issue in updating custom column values with `updateRecordByTaskId` method has been fixed.
* \#213037 - Alignment issue with Gantt timeline header has been fixed.
* \#208134 - Issue with custom fields in edit dialog of resource view in Gantt has been fixed.
* \#F138054 - Now it is possible to update the header format of the hour timescale dynamically without any issues.
* \#207114 - Issue in custom dropdown control in Gantt edit dialog with dropdown data as integer value has been fixed.
* \#208827 - Duplicate element generation issue in Gantt has been fixed.
* \#206486, F137757 - Issue in exporting parent task with a milestone as child item has been fixed.
* \#212778 - Issue in PDF export with task dependencies and milestones enabled has been fixed.
* Issue in displaying tasks with duration value as `0` in resource view Gantt has been fixed.
## Grid


### Breaking Changes
{:#grid-breakingchanges}

* \#211235,214600 - Obsolete Enum properties of Grid EditingType have been deprecated.

In latest version of Newtonsoft.Json version i.e., v11 & above, serialization error occurs for obsolete properties with same member in Enum. And so we have deprecated the obsolete Enum properties of Grid EditingType. Kindly use the below corresponding EditingType Enum properties instead of obsoletes.


<table class="params">
<thead>
<tr>
<th>Deprecated obsolete Properties</th>
<th>Corresponding EditingType</th>
</tr>
</thead>
<tbody>
<tr>
<td class="Deprecated">&lt;Columns&gt;&lt;ej:Column Field="CustomerID" EditType="String"/&gt;&lt;/Columns&gt;</td>
<td class="Corresponding">&lt;Columns&gt;&lt;ej:Column Field="CustomerID" EditType="StringEdit"/&gt;&lt;/Columns&gt;</td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td class="Deprecated">&lt;Columns&gt;&lt;ej:Column Field="Freight" EditType="Numeric"/&gt;&lt;/Columns&gt;</td>
<td class="Corresponding">&lt;Columns&gt;&lt;ej:Column Field="Freight" EditType="NumericEdit"/&gt;&lt;/Columns&gt;</td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td class="Deprecated">&lt;Columns&gt;&lt;ej:Column Field="ShipCountry" EditType="Dropdown"/&gt;&lt;/Columns&gt;</td>
<td class="Corresponding">&lt;Columns&gt;&lt;ej:Column Field="ShipCountry" EditType="DropdownEdit"/&gt;&lt;/Columns&gt;</td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td class="Deprecated">&lt;Columns&gt;&lt;ej:column Field="Verified" EditType="Boolean"/&gt;&lt;/Columns&gt;</td>
<td class="Corresponding">&lt;Columns&gt;&lt;ej:column Field="Verified" EditType="BooleanEdit"/&gt;&lt;/Columns&gt;</td>
</tr>
</tbody>
</table>



### Bug Fixes
{:#grid-bug-fixes}

*  \#210269 - Context menu works fine when right clicking the white space in a grid.
## Kanban

### Features
{:#kanban-features}

*	\#189927, \#177568, \#203750, \#207002, \#F129307, \#F134895 - Provided support to change the swimlane header's row text based on `swimlaneKey` value mapping in swimlane `headers` . Also, provided support for show/hide empty swimlane in the Kanban board.

### Bug Fixes
{:#kanban-bug-fixes}

* \#208657 - The issue with adding new data to an empty data source and enabled context menu has been resolved.
* \#F138877 - Issue with shrink header alignment at enableRTL mode has fixed.
* \#209186 - The issue with triggering `OnServerCardClick` event has been resolved.
## ListBox

### Bug fixes
{:#listbox-bug-fixes}

* \#211770 - Resolved the issue with dropping list item as first item of Listbox has fixed.
## Maps

### Features
{:#maps-features}

* Support has been provided to customize the data labels using properties.
## MaskEdit

### Bug Fixes 
{:#maskedit-bug-fixes}

* \#197921 - Issue with displaying '-' value in the '&' mask of the 'mask edit' has been fixed.
## PDF

### Features
{:#pdf-features}

*	\#113882, \#114486, \#124312, \#124927, \#133647, \#136283, \#163372, \#174924, \#166856, \#199371, \#210727 - Support for drawing complex script language text in the PDF document.
*	\#124697, \#187924, \#192264, \#167178, \#195300, \#206388, \#208298 - Support for redacting the PDF document.
*	\#203690 - Support for adding Long Term Validation (LTV) with digital signature and timestamp.
*	\#209230 - Support for resizing the text box value based on its size.
*	\#209578 - Support for retrieving the custom metadata (columns) from PDF annotation.
*	\#205794 - Support for adding measurement annotations in the PDF document.
*	\#179731, \#166437, \#183150 - Support for creating rubber stamp annotation with appearance and flatten support in the PDF.
*	\#203836 - Support for accessing PDF document hash to digitally sign the PDF document.
*	\#212579 - Support for time stamping the existing PDF document.
*	\#206510 - Support for getting annotation properties from the appearance content stream.
*	\#203836 - Support for changing the signature appearance based on the signature validation.

### Bug Fixes
{:#pdf-bug-fixes} 

*	\#209067 - XML files are now importing properly as form fields.
*	\#209067 - Drop-down form fields are now exporting properly as XML files.
*	\#209809 - Unable to decrypt document without ID exception will no longer occur when decrypting the PDF documents.
*	\#209809 - Catalog is not present exception will no longer occur when loading the PDF documents.
*	\#209809, \#207003 - Password is incorrect exception will no longer occur when loading the PDF documents.
*	\#205727, \#199398 - URI value from `PdfLoadedUriAnnotation` is now retrieving properly from the PDF document.
*	\#205636 - "Index out of range exception" will no longer occur when loading the PDF documents.
*	\#206504 - Imported document size is not increased if the source document contains hyperlinks.
*	\#204160 - Content is now preserving properly when adding large text to a `PdfGrid` cell in landscape page.
*	\#206944 - PDF signature appearance is updating properly when using appearance graphics.
*	\#209484 - "Null reference exception" will no longer occur when accessing layer of the PDF document.
*	\#204266 - Incorrect layer behavior and syntax issues in Preflight when creating layers in PDF document are now fixed.
*	\#207003 - "Index and length must refer to a location within the string" exception will no longer occur when loading the PDF documents.
*	\#206043 - The blank page will no longer be created when rotating the PDF documents.
*	\#205034 - Preservation issues will no longer occur when adding layers with overlay to PDF documents.
*	\#208125 - "Argument Out Of Range exception" will no longer occur when importing pages from the PDF documents.
*	\#206826 - All the form fields are now preserving properly when merging the PDF documents.
*	\#206864, \#209809 - Hanging issues will no longer occur when importing pages form the PDF document.
*	\#208472 - PDF document corruption issue will no longer occur when merging the PDF documents.
*	\#209467 - "Object reference not set to an instance of an object" exception will no longer occur when loading the PDF documents.
*	\#206344 - Text box fields are now preserving properly when flattening the PDF documents.
*	\#207010, \#206810 - Null reference exception will no longer occur when appending the PDF documents.
*	\#204640 - "Can't convert to rectangle" exception will no longer occur when flattening the PDF documents.
*	\#210823 - Null reference exception will no longer occur when performing `ExportAsImage` operation.
*	\#204392 - The exact OCR error message is now displayed in case of OCR failure.
*	\#207441 - "Null reference exception" will no longer occur when converting Word document to PDF with `PdfXConformance`.
*	\#202700 - Bullets in the Word document are now preserving properly when converted to PDF.
*	\#208145 - The header in the  Word document is now preserving properly when converted to PDF.
*	\#207105 - No extra figured tags are added when converting HTML to tagged PDF.
*	\#207447 - Hyperlinks are now preserving properly when href contains hash tag in HTML.
*	\#205172 - RTL text is now preserving properly when converting Word document to PDF.
*	\#207834 - Null reference exception thrown while loading some PDF documents is now fixed.
*	\#210943 - String not recognized exception will no longer thrown when loading some PDF documents.
*	\#210828 - Corruption issue after signing the PDF document is now fixed.
*	\#211845 - SelectedIndex property issue in PdfLoadedRadioButtonField is now fixed.
*	\#208585 - Form fields are not duplicated when loading and saving the PDF document.
*	\#208463 - Underline text tags are preserved as figure will no longer occur when converting Word to PDF.
*	\#210703 - Null value returns from the LinePoints property will no longer occur in PdfLine Annotation.
*	\#210779 - Null reference exception will no longer occur when filling the form fields in the PDF document.
*	\#210590 - Custom metadata set property are now properly working in the PDF document.
*	\#211089 - Appearance are now preserved properly for selected item in the PdfLoadedComboBoxField.
*	\#207022 - The text of multiline XFA text box field is now wrapping properly.
*	\#208909 - Null reference exception will no longer occur when converting HTML to PDF.
*	\#211011 - HTML to tagged PDF conversion will be preserved properly.
*   \#211008 - HTML converter will no longer hang when converting HTML to tagged PDF. 
*   \#204693 - The orientation value set in the image properties is now detected and rendered properly when drawn to the PDF page.
*   \#213077 - Tagged PDF conversion is working properly in IE rendering engine.
*   \#209626, \#209605 - PDF document is now preserving properly when converting EMF to PDF document.
*   \#212713 - Text is not preserving properly when converting HTML to PDF.
*   \#212192 - `AutoFontSize` property is now working properly with multiline text box form field.
*   \#210068 - Symbols are preserving properly when adding text to the PDF document.
*   \#210539 - Throws proper exception when loading the password protected PDF document.
*   \#208141 - EMF image is now preserving properly when converting the Excel, PPT, and Word document to PDF document.
*   \#206588 - EMF image is now preserving properly when converting Excel to PDF document.
*   \#206032 - Text spacing is now preserving properly when converting EMF to PDF document.
*   \#203970, \#205291 - Text is not preserving properly when converting Excel to PDF document.
*   \#204165, \#204161 - Images are now preserving properly when converting word to PDF document.
*   \#203624 - "Argument out of range exception" will no longer occur when parsing PDF layer from the PDF document.
*   \#211947 - Existing PDF document is now loading properly without exception.
*   \#209974 - "Null reference exception" will no longer occur when importing pages from the specific PDF document.






## PdfViewer

### Features
{:#pdfviewer-features}

* \#204928, \#166056, \#162399, \#178537, \#194227, \#196818, \#197343, \#198839, \#202013 - The CCITTFax decoder filter images are rendered properly in Google Chrome and Firefox browser using the PDF viewer control.
* \#211097 – Exposed an API to customize the location to save the temporary files.
* \#183772, \#197611 , \#203405- Improved the performance of scrolling and pinch zooming in PDF viewer control.


### Bug Fixes
{:#pdfviewer-bug-fixes}

* \#207860 - Exception will no longer be thrown while exporting the pages of PDF document as images.
* \#206571, \#207989 - Contents of the PDF document are now rendered properly in PDF viewer.
* \#206569 - Text contents of the PDF document are now rendered properly in PDF viewer.
* \#208837 - Table borders are now rendered properly in PDF viewer.
* \#204717 - The question mark content is now rendered properly in PDF viewer.
* \#206825 - Now, the extracted image color is same as the original image color.
* \#207455 - Position of the check boxes and the radio buttons are now preserved properly in Internet Explorer (IE).
* \#204631 - Text contents of the PDF document are now rendered properly in the PDF viewer control.
* \#206267, \#208585 - Downloaded file size is now same as the size of the original document.
* \#203897 - Now, the application does not hang while loading the provided PDF document in the PDF viewer control.
* \#208885 - Now, the position of the annotations and signatures are maintained properly in the downloaded document.
* \#205565, \#210823 - Text contents of the PDF document are now rendered properly in the PDF viewer control.
* \#209790 - Now, the extracted image is rendered properly.
* \#210136 - Now, the exception is not thrown on performing the extract image functionality with the provided document.
* \#209771 - Now, the extra character is not added in the extracted text.
* \#211766 - Size of the form fields are now maintained properly in the PDF viewer control.


## PivotClient

### Bug fixes
{:#pivotclient-bug-fixes}

* \#F139331 - Members can be filtered through code behind properly.

## PivotGrid

### Features
{:#pivotgrid-features}

* \#194095 - Sorting support has been provided to order the members inside Member Editor.

## Presentation

### Features
{:#presentation-features}

* \#187813 , \#195963, \#195982, \#205217, \#211356, \#209508 - Added support to convert RTL (right to left) text in PowerPoint presentation to PDF or image conversions.
* \#205041 - Added support to directly access the columns of a PowerPoint table.
* \#201054 - Added support to get the dynamic height of a PowerPoint table.
* \#208525 - Improved the auto-shape rendering when converting the PowerPoint presentation to PDF or image.
* \#205189 - Added support to embed the fonts when converting a PowerPoint presentation to PDF.
* Added support for creating and editing slide transitions in PowerPoint presentation.

### Breaking Changes
{:#presentation-breaking-changes}

* Setter has been added to `Text` property of `ITextBody` interface.
* The property `Style` has been added to the `IPresentationChart` interface.

### Bug Fixes
{:#presentation-bug-fixes}

* \#204936 - Inherited table styles are now preserved while converting a PowerPoint presentation as PDF document.
* \#209405 - `NullReferenceException` will no longer be thrown while converting a PowerPoint slide with Chinese text to an image.
* \#208901 - Group shape background color is now preserved while converting a PowerPoint slide to an image. 
* \#209572 - Bullets are now preserved while converting a PowerPoint slide to an image.
* \#211236 - Rotated group shapes are now preserved while converting a PowerPoint slide to an image.
* \#209550 - `ObjectReferenceException` will no longer be thrown while loading a PowerPoint document created with XMLPowerTools.
* \#211236 - Individual shape bounds within the group shapes are now updated to the properties while loading a PowerPoint document.
* \#205737 - Text orientation in SmartArt nodes are preserved properly while converting a PowerPoint slide to an image.
* \#205502 - Application will no longer hang while re-saving the PowerPoint presentation.
* \#205217 - `NullReferenceException` will no longer be thrown while converting a Presentation slide to the PDF.
* `AccessViolationException` will no longer be thrown while re-saving a PowerPoint document with same file name.
* `StringFormatException` will no longer be thrown while creating animations in Afrikaans culture.
## RangeNavigator

### Features
{:#rangenavigator-features}
 
* Support has been provided to hide the intersecting labels.
* Support has been provided to include or exclude the first day of the next month in the selected data.
## ReportDesigner `Preview`

The report designer component for ASP.NET platform allows users to create and edit RDL standard reports.

### Features
{:#ejreportdesigner-features}

* **Data sources**: Supports a wide range of data sources to explore data using connections to major data providers such as Microsoft SQL server, Oracle, OLEDB, and ODBC.

* **Report items**: Provides clear data visualization using report items such as built-in parameters, including charts, grids, pivot grids, subreports, textboxes, images, lines, and rectangles.

* **Report parameter**: Connects related reports and filters data in queries.

* **Image manager**: Supports managing embedded images in the report.

* **Property panel**: Allows users to view and modify configurations of selected report item.

* **Expression**: Built-in expression editor to create expressions with RDL standard to specify or calculate values for parameters, queries, filters, report item properties, groups, sorts, images, and dynamic page header and footer content.


## ReportViewer

### Features

* \#200906 - Provided support to render range bar chart type reports.
* \#203061 - Provided ParameterHelper to create custom parameter block in user application.
* \#201909 - Provided support to preview reports in Nancy FX framework application.

### Bug Fixes
{:#reportviewer-bug-fixes}

* \#138473 - The header report item overlapping to body content in print preview has been resolved.
* \#210506, 210688 - Now, multiple nested grouping toggle exports properly to Excel when the initial toggle state of a parent group is hidden.
* \#210669 - Resolved non html tag markup text rendering problem in reportviewer.
* \#198150 - Now, child parameter values are updated properly when multi-valued parent parameter is changed.
* \#210648 - Incorrect resource text of reportviewer toolbar elements has been replaced with correct contents for Pt-BR culture.
* \#206918 - Rendering problem in PDF export when data region report item is used inside a rectangle has been resolved.
* \#204628 - The exception in PDF export when textbox report item contains HTML content has been resolved.
* \#212581 - Resolved empty document generation when exporting report with chart report item.
* \#209336 - Now, interactive sorting icon renders properly with tablix header when text alignment is right.
* \#213891 - Now, text alignment rendered properly when different border values used for tablix cell.

## TreeGrid

### Features
{:#treegrid-features}

* \#206811, \#212562 - Now it is possible to search records along with its parent record.
* \#188259, \#195994 - Batch edit and batch save support has been implemented in TreeGrid.

### Bug Fixes
{:#treegrid-bug-fixes}

* \#205681 - Issue in updating data source with total summary rows has been fixed.
* \#211707 - Issue with column resizing action in Firefox browser has been fixed.

## TreeView

### Features
{:#treeview-features}

* \#203297 - Provided an option to prevent parent node from expanding while adding a node in the tree view control.
## XlsIO

### Features
{:#xlsio-features}

* \#173702 - Provided support for hyperlinks in data import.
* \#52130, \#56162, \#135871, \#166296, \#178721, \#180457, \#180462, \#197799, \#198853 - Provided support to calculate external reference formula.
* \#180349 - Provided support for pivot table field sorting with direction.
* Provided support for custom qualifier and record delimiter for CSV files.
* \#202955 - Provided support for picture recolor in Excel to PDF conversion.
* \#129968 , \#197691, \#208141 - Provided GroupShape support in Excel to PDF conversion.
* \#135243, \#117497, \#131343 - Provided support for worksheet to HTML conversion from .NETStandard 1.4.
* \#135243, \#129497, \#206936, \#208400 - Provided support for worksheet to image conversion from .NETStandard 1.4. 


### Breaking changes
{:#xlsio-breaking-changes}


* \#207306 - `DetectMixedValueType` enumeration is added for detecting mixed data typed column values while exporting to DataTable.
* \#203029 -  `TypeMismatchOnExport` event and  `ExportEventArgs` class are added in `IApplication` interface to notify users about the mismatch between cell type and property type while Exporting data to CLR Objects.
* `Calculate` method is added in `IWorksheet` class to support worksheet formulas calculation.
* \#180349 - `AutoSort` method is added in `IPivotField` class.
* `CsvQualifier` and `CsvRecordDelimiter` properties are added in `IApplication` interface.
* `RemoveAt()` is added in `WorksheetNamesCollection` class to remove worksheet name at particular index.
* \#135243, \#129497, \#206936, \#208400 - Added `ExportImageOptions` class with `ExportImageFormat` enumeration, `Scaling mode` and default constructor, and `ConvertToImage` method in `IXlsIORenderer` class.


### Bug fixes
{:#xlsio-bug-fixes}

* \#209729 - Null reference exception thrown while adding marker variable with copy style argument is resolved.
* \#209443 - Null reference exception thrown while copying empty worksheet range is resolved.
* \#209443 - Shape is not copied properly to another range while clearing range is fixed.
* \#208554 - Application exception ambiguity conflict between Microsoft Common Object Runtime Library and Syncfusion.Compression NuGet package is resolved.
* \#207203 – Random exceptions on accessing the `RTFText` property multiple times is resolved.
* \#208141 - Exception thrown while converting the chart with range collection is resolved.
* \#208122 - Exception thrown while opening a file with empty RTF text is resolved.
* \#207732 - Argument exception thrown while opening a workbook of strict XML type is resolved.
* \#207940 - Null reference exception raised while invoking auto fit columns on cells containing formulas is resolved.
* \#207176, \#210642 - Issue with conditional formats on a newly created worksheet is fixed.
* \#207151 - Exception will no longer be thrown while saving the workbook created using `AddCopy()`.
* \#206271 - Corruption issue while resaving the file with query table is resolved.
* \#206070 - Formats are preserved correctly while saving XML file as XLSX.
* \#205858 - Table formula with column name in dimension format can be set properly.
* \#204815 - Exception raised while opening an Excel file having the style count greater than maximum unique styles is fixed.
* \#204483 - XML exception raised while opening a binary file with duplicate schema is resolved.
* \#204511 - `FindAll()` returns expected value when `ExcelFindOptions` is not provided.
* \#204932 - Exception raised while setting the `Fill` property for un-supported chart types on opening Excel file is resolved.
* \#204742 - Data connection parameters tag is now serialized while resaving an Excel file.
* \#204130, \#204484 - Exception thrown while parsing hyperlink in merged cells is resolved.
* \#203365 - Conditional formats are properly copied while adding a copy of worksheet using `AddCopy()`.
* \#203557 - File corruption issue while generating worksheet from the data table is resolved.
* \#203396 - File corruption while removing comments with picture from the worksheet is resolved.
* \#202487 - Exception will no longer be raised while parsing invalid reference to the chart series name.
* \#204134 - Incorrect chart name retrieved for the binary file is fixed.
* \#207784 - Exception raised while copying custom functions to a different workbook is resolved.
* \#205835 - Exception raised while cloning the workbook with conditional formats is resolved.
* Exception will no longer be thrown while applying template marker using the IWorksheet.Workbook property
* Auto filter issue while setting IconSet conditional formatting with NoIcon is resolved.
* \#211514 - NullReferenceException thrown while opening a file in multi-thread environment is fixed.
* \#210082 - Exception thrown while copying an Excel to another document with the named range and saving is resolved.
* \#210172 - Conditional format formulas applied to the `ConditionValue` property are now properly updated in advanced conditional formats.
* \#210172 - Image protection in XLS documents will not be removed after resave.
* \#209739 - Exception thrown while parsing workbook with empty styles is resolved.
* \#209443 - Merged cells are now properly copied to another range during `CopyTo()` method.
* \#138492 - Issue with `ListOfValues` property in Data Validation is fixed.
* Number formats are returned properly while parsing.
* Image will no longer be saved into local storage while converting the Excel workbook to HTML stream.
* Print area is cleared properly when `PrintArea` is set to null.
* Out of Memory exception thrown while parsing a CSV file with large number of rows is fixed.
* Issue with clearing Rich-Text and its formatting is resolved.
* \#212859 - Conditional formats are applied properly in an Excel file generation using XlsIO.
* \#211941 - Row height value in `GetRowHeightInPixels` is different than Microsoft Excel for a particular document is fixed.
* \#210905 - Styles are preserved properly while resaving the document in Microsoft Excel.
* \#207242 - ArgumentException raised while parsing duplicate number formats in the workbook is fixed.
* \#212951 - XML exception raised while opening an Excel document with invalid chart properties is resolved.
* \#213480 - Data labels formula is properly updated on changing sheet name.
* \#213242 - Title and border color are properly set for the cloned charts in XlsIO.
* \#212887 - Active cell is set properly after freeze panes.
* \#212629, \#212683, \#212610, \#212926 - Unsupported exception thrown in Compression.Base while parsing an Excel document in XlsIO is resolved.
* \#212077 - Corruption issue due to incorrect named ranges is fixed.
* Exception will no longer be thrown while creating GroupShape with VML shapes.
* Issue with row height while parsing XML file is fixed.
* Exception thrown while opening an Excel document in try catch block is resolved.
* NullReferenceException will no longer be thrown during AddCopy of binary Excel worksheets with XML Excel worksheets.
* \#213412 - File corruption while applying the `SubTotal` function is fixed.
* Incorrect seconds value for DateTime type exported from worksheet to DataTable is fixed.
* \#209538 - Cell value is rendered properly in Excel to PDF conversion.
* \#208893 - Transparent image background is rendered properly in PDF conversion.
* \#204936 - Legend alignment is achieved properly regardless of axis labels in chart to image conversion.
* Issue with shape color in Excel to PDF conversion is fixed.
* Issue with data labels in chart to image conversion is resolved.
* \#208900 - Invalid operation exception will no longer be thrown in Excel to PDF conversion of an Excel document with charts.
* \#211825 - Exception thrown while converting an Excel file to PDF with styles is resolved.
* \#210068 - Shrink to fit now works properly in Excel to PDF conversion.
* Shape text position will be proper in Excel to PDF conversion when horizontal flip is applied.
* Issue with stacked series in chart to image conversion is fixed.
* \#210068 - Unicode symbol character set is now supported in Excel to PDF conversion.
* \#212917 - Enabled custom scaling mode for chart to image conversion.
