---
title: Essential Studio for ASP.NET  2018 Volume 4 NuGet package release  Release Notes  
description: Essential Studio for ASP.NET  2018 Volume 4 NuGet package release  Release Notes  
platform: aspnet
documentation: ug
---

# Essential Studio for ASP.NET  Release Notes  

{% include release-info.html date="January 8, 2019"  version="v16.4.0.46" %} 






## DocIO

### Bug Fixes
{:#DocIO-bug-fixes}

* \#221972 - Text is now highlighted properly while converting a Word document to tagged PDF.
* \#223350 - Table cell is now preserved properly while opening an HTML document.
* \#222922 - Image is now preserved properly while converting a Word document to PDF.
* \#222713 - The **ArgumentException** will no longer be thrown while adding a table.
* \#222608 - Font name is now preserved properly while converting an HTML document to Word document.
* \#222751 - The **StackOverFlowException** will no longer be thrown while converting a Word document to PDF.
* \#222670 - Inline content control text is now preserved properly while converting a Word document to PDF.
* \#222320 - Hyperlink is now preserved properly in inline content control while converting a Word document to PDF.
* \#222345 - The **ArgumentOutOfRangeException** will no longer be thrown while updating TOC in RTF format document.
* \#221260 - Line space preservation issue has been resolved While converting a Word document to PDF.
* \#221153 - Inline content control custom XML data is now preserved properly while converting a Word document to PDF.
* \#221725 - The **ArgumentOutOfRangeException** will no longer be thrown while cloning a Word document.
* \#221611 - The **NullReferenceException** will no longer be thrown while saving a Word document.
* \#220710 - Table row is now preserved properly while converting a Word document to PDF.
* \#220324 - Checkbox content control state is now preserved properly while cloning a Word document.
* \#221455 - Hanging issue has been resolved while converting a Word document to PDF.
* \#221119 - List number is now preserved properly while opening an RTF format document.
* \#218943 - List bullet is now preserved properly while opening an RTF format document.
## PDF

No Changes for this product in this version.

[//]: # "Delete the contents of this file while new content is added."

## Presentation

No Changes for this product in this version.

[//]: # "Delete the contents of this file while new content is added."

## XlsIO

No Changes for this product in this version.

[//]: # "Delete the contents of this file while new content is added."

