---
title       : Essential Studio for ASP.NET 2018 volume 1 Release Notes
description : Essential Studio for ASP.NET 2018 volume 1 Release Notes
platform    : aspnet
---

# Essential Studio for ASP.NET Release Notes

{% include release-info.html date=site.releasedate.2018_vol_1 version=site.version.2018_vol_1 %} 





## Autocomplete

### Breaking Changes
{:#autocomplete-breaking-changes}

* \#179095 - The DOM structure in Autocomplete visual mode has been changed from SPAN to DIV based on HTML5 validation standard.
## Chart

### Features
{:#chart-features}

* \#186483 – Support has been provided for smooth animation in column type series.
* \#183813, #182965 – Support has been provided for template in trackball feature.
* Support has been provided for label intersect actions such as `Trim`, `Wrap`, `MultipleRows`, and `Hide` in 3D axis.
* Support has been provided for `Spline`, `RangeColumn`, `Scatter` and `StackingArea` type series in polar and radar.

### Bug Fixes
{:#chart-bug-fixes}
* \#192226 - Now, data will be returned only for the selection enabled series in range [`selection`](https://help.syncfusion.com/api/js/ejchart#members:series-selectionsettings-enable).
* \#188357 - Now, scatter [`series`](https://help.syncfusion.com/api/js/ejchart#members:series) will render properly with `null` points.
* \#193509 - Now, [`data label`](https://help.syncfusion.com/api/js/ejchart#members:series-marker-datalabel) is rendering properly without collision.
* \#193235, 193488 - Now, chart [`series`](https://help.syncfusion.com/api/js/ejchart#members:series) is rendering properly with zero in 1st point.
* \#188776 - [`Edge label placement's`](https://help.syncfusion.com/api/js/ejchart#members:primaryxaxis-edgelabelplacement) `shift` is now working properly without colliding the axis labels.
* F133511 - Assigning the [`axis name`](https://help.syncfusion.com/api/js/ejchart#members:series-xaxisname) with whitespace to the series is now working properly.
* \#194711 - [`Offset`](https://help.syncfusion.com/api/js/ejchart#members:series-marker-datalabel-offset) property in dataLabel is now working properly for 3D chart.
* \#191062, 191974 - Now, chart is rendering properly on resize, without increasing the height.
* \#193840 - Now, chart is updating properly with new [`data source`](https://help.syncfusion.com/api/js/ejchart#members:series-datasource) through legend click.
* \#195541 - [`Crosshair`](https://help.syncfusion.com/api/js/ejchart#members:crosshair) tooltip is now working properly for bar type series.
* \#196437 - Chart is now exporting properly with [`annotation`](https://help.syncfusion.com/api/js/ejchart#members:annotations) inside the pie series.




## DataManager

### Features
{:#datamanager-features}

* We can perform a data operation based on nested column data and bind to the data control. Here, if we want to perform the server side data operation for the nested dataSource like sorting, grouping, filtering, searching, take, or skip then we have to define the generic type of dataSource.

## Diagram

### Features
{:#diagram-features}

* \#139463, \#129695 - Layering support for diagram control is added.
## DocIO

### Features
{:#DocIO-features}

* \#181377 - Added support to embed complete fonts in the converted PDF while performing Word to PDF conversion.
* \#192592 - Added option to import styles with new unique name, if style exist in destination document with same name and different type.
* \#196209 - Added support to save chart in Word document as image by exposing OfficeChart property of WChart class.
* \#191352 - Added event to set alternate font for missing fonts in device during Word to PDF/Image conversion.
* \#149806 - Added support to preserve editable range permissions of protected Word document in DOCX to DOCX conversion.
* \#193218 - Added overload methods to open document in read only mode with `Password` and `XHTMLValidationType` parameters.

### Breaking Changes
{:#DocIO-breaking-changes}

* The property `ImportStylesOnTypeMismatch` was added to the `IWordDocument` interface.
* Overload methods `OpenReadOnly` was added to the `IWordDocument` interface.
* The property `FontSettings` was added to the `IWordDocument` interface.
* Complete field code is now included in Document Object Model(DOM) and in the Text property of `WParagraph` class. Whereas in previous versions, partial field code is included in DOM. For more information, kindly refer [here](https://help.syncfusion.com/file-formats/release-notes/migratingtov16.1.0.24#docio).
* \#184371 - The `TableGrid` style is now applied to the table that is added using `AddTable()` or `WTable(IWordDocument doc)` API, like Microsoft Word application. Whereas in previous versions, the `TableGrid` style is not applied to the table.

### Bug Fixes
{:#DocIO-bug-fixes}

* \#190034 - `OutOfMemoryException` will be no longer thrown while converting a particular Word document as PDF.
* \#190591 - DOC format document opens properly after modifying the protection type from 'AllowOnlyFormFields' to other types for a particular Word document.
* \#189443 - Text size and clipping issues has been resolved while converting a particular Word document as Image(Bitmap).
* \#194503 - Owner information is now set properly while merging comment from source to destination document.
* \#194088 , \#194423 - Image missing issue has been resolved while converting a particular Word document as PDF in Azure environment.
* \#193912 - Picture horizontal alignment issue has been resolved while converting a particular Word document as PDF when picture is inside a frame.
* \#192944 - `CustomDocumentProperties` with whitespace values are imported properly in a particular Word document.
* \#191534 - `PAGE` and `NUMPAGES` fields are preserved properly while converting a particular RTF Word document as DOCX.
* \#189597 - `ArgumentOutOfRangeException` and `NullReferenceException` will be no longer thrown while deleting and accessing a bookmark content from a particular Word document.
* \#190880 - The resultant Word document is no longer corrupted after updating the `UpdateDocumentFields` for a particular Word document.
* \#190024 - Images are removed properly while clearing the Word document elements. 
* \#191732 - Image and text are preserved properly while converting a particular Word document as PDF.
* \#191067 - `StackOverflowException` will be no longer thrown while loading a particular Word document.
* \#178019 - Text wrapping issue has been resolved while converting a particular Word document as PDF.
* \#189874 - Memory leak issue has been resolved while saving a particular Word document as RTF document (multiple times).
* \#188568 - `Print Layout` view is now preserved properly while opening/printing resultant RTF document in Microsoft Word 2016.
* \#189881 , \#193985 - AltChunk content is now preserved properly while converting a particular Word document as PDF.
* \#190783 - Table and hidden text are preserved properly while converting a particular Word document as PDF.
* \#190621 - `NullReferenceException` will be no longer thrown while opening a particular Word document.
* \#189655 - Bullet size is now preserved properly while merging a particular Word document elements.
* \#189767 - Bullet list is now aligned properly while converting a particular Word document as PDF.
* \#189185 - `BuiltinDocumentProperties` (Company,manager) are imported properly while opening particular DOC format document.
* \#188296 - `OutOfMemoryException` will be no longer thrown while updating document fields for a particular Word document.
* \#194825 - Table width is now updated properly while setting the table cell width for a particular Word document.
* \#194535 - Paragraph spacing is now preserved properly while importing a particular RTF format document. 
* \#195050 - Content control text is now preserved properly while converting a particular Word document as PDF.
* \#195214 - `NullReferenceException` will be no longer thrown while converting a particular Word document as PDF.
* \#193985 - Default tab width is now preserved properly while converting a particular Word document as PDF.
* \#195343 - Text position is now preserved properly while converting a particular Word document as PDF.
* \#195793 - `FormatException` will be no longer thrown while importing a particular HTML document.
* \#195688 - The file is no longer corrupted while extracting and saving native data of an OLE object.
* \#189006 - Extra page preservation issue has been resolved while converting a particular Word document as PDF.
* \#194420 - `BookmarkEnd` is now preserved properly while importing a particular DOCX format document.
* \#193912 - Picture horizontal alignment issue in frame has been resolved while converting a particular Word document as PDF.
* \#181377 - Second consecutive tab character position is now preserved properly while converting a particular Word document as PDF.
* \#191405 - Paragraph horizontal border is now preserved properly while converting a particular Word document as PDF.
* \#189825 - No longer hangs while converting a particular Word document as PDF.
* \#178727 - `Numbering.xml` file size is not increasing to huge size while importing multiple Word documents.
* \#195208 - Reduced the memory consumption while appending HTML text in paragraph.
## DropDownList

### Features
{:#dropdownlist-features}

* The initial rendering of DropDownList control takes more time because of the popup list being loaded at that time. Now we have rendered the popup dynamically instead of the initial load and thus increasing the performance of the control. We have provided support for new property “loadOnDemand”.

### Bug Fixes

{:#dropdownlist-bug-fixes}

* #195733 - Value set in the code behind now works properly in Dropdownlist in IE browser.

## FileExplorer

### Features
{:#fileexplorer-features}

* \#196325 - Provided virtual scrolling support for loading files and folders on demand in order to improve performance.
* \#191114 - Provided API to customize the upload settings of FileExplorer component.
## Gantt

### Features
{:#gantt-features}

* \#188603 – Now it is possible to draw the dependency lines using mouse actions with auto scroll support.
* \#189892, #194607 – The Gantt control now provides support for rounding off the duration when the taskbar is dropped after editing in the middle of the timescale unit.
* \#183278, #195145, #195146 – It is now possible to delete the dependency lines in Gantt using dependency delete dialog.
* \#190226 – The Gantt control now provides support for the tasks which passes through in daylight saving time of a given time zone.
* \#192469 - Now it is possible to prevent the specific editing operations in taskbar resize, taskbar dragging and predecessor draw actions using `taskbarEditing` event.
* Gantt control now provides support for server-side event `QueryTaskbarInfo` using which the taskbars can be customized while exporting to PDF.


### Bug Fixes
{:#gantt-bug-fixes}
* \#194609 – Issue with updating the datasource with data manager dynamically using `setModel` method has been fixed
* \#195243 – Now it is possible to restrict the dependency line draw action to a specific dependency type.
* \#195961 – Issue with exporting data with invalid parent ID has been fixed.
* \#195961 – Issue with exporting the Gantt data with baseline start date and baseline end date value as empty string has been fixed
* \#195961 – Issue while exporting record without hierarchy in self-referential datasource has been fixed
* \#196387 – Issue with generating the serial number while updating the datasource using setModel has been fixed.
* \#191970 - Custom column fields value update issue in `updateRecordByTaskId` method has been fixed.

## Grid


### Features
{:#grid-features}

*  \#192255 - Provided support for checkbox selection with `FrozenColumns`.
*  \#188664 - Provided support to select cells using mouse dragging.

### Bug Fixes
{:#grid-bug-fixes}

*  \#194894 - Grid displays fine when select/unselect the last record using checkbox.
## ListView

### Bug Fixes
{:#listview-bug-fixes}

* \#191839 – Provided wrapper support for DataIdField property in ListView.


## Maps

### Breaking Changes
{:#maps-breaking-changes}

* The lower case properties such as `label`, `latitude`, and `longitude` were removed from the `MapMarker` class, as they were used only for internal purpose. Same properties with proper casing were added already.

### Features
{:#maps-features}

* Provided right to left rendering support.
* Provided support for mapping the colors from data source for shapes.
## NumericTextbox

### Bug Fixes
{:#numerictextbox-bug-fixes}

* \#192929 - Able to set null value for the Currency Textbox component in form post back.
## PDF

### Features
{:#pdf-features}

*	\#183293 - Added support to load the `X509Certificate` for digital signing using `PdfCertificate` class.    
*	\#194410 - Added support to retrieve all the ink points collections from `PdfLoadedInkAnnotation`.
*	\#173761,188375,193553 - Added support to flatten the static XFA form fields. 
*	\#195867 - Added support to get creation date and name from the `PdfLoadedFreeTextAnnotation`.
*	Added support to toggle the visibility of an existing layers from the PDF document.

### Breaking Changes
{:#pdf-breaking-changes}

* OCR is not a part of Essential Studio and is available as separate package (OCR Processor) under the Add-On section in the below link [https://www.syncfusion.com/downloads/latest-version](https://www.syncfusion.com/downloads/latest-version).

### Bug Fixes
{:#pdf-bug-fixes} 

*	\#192637 - Null reference exception no longer occurs when removing a page from the particular PDF document.
*	\#190237 - System not supported exception no longer occurs when merging the PDF document with digital signature.
*	\#188974 - 502 bad gateway exception no longer occurs when loading the PFX certificate as a stream.
*	\#189577 - Null reference exception no longer occurs when loading FDF into PDF document.
*	\#190870 - Text preservation issue no longer occurs while drawing existing template into another page.
*	\#189471 - Empty `PdfColor` is now retrieving as the background color of `PdfLoadedTextBoxField` which has no background color.
*	\#189756 - Out of range exception no longer occurs while drawing JPEG image to PDF document.
*	\#191567 - Null reference exception no longer occurs while reading existing combo box values.
*	\#187013 - PDF layers count is retrieving properly while loading an existing document.
*	\#190046 - `PdfTextMarkup` annotation fore color is now preserving properly.      
*	\#191487 - Form fields data is preserving properly after adding the signature certificate to PDF document.
*	\#194078 - `OnInstantiate` property in 3D annotation is now working properly.
*	\#193908 - Null reference exception no longer occurs when drawing a string to the PDF document.
*	\#193375 - Image is preserving properly while converting barcode as image.
*	\#193127 - Out of memory exception no longer occurs when drawing large TIFF images in a single document.
*	\#189735,191985 - File cannot be deleted exception no longer occurs when performing OCR in an environment with McAfee anti-virus installed machines.
*	\#190913 - Text preservation issue no longer occurs when drawing text with custom font in Word to PDF conversion.
*	\#195301 - Individual page size will no longer increase during splitting of PDF document.
*	\#195831 - Adding layers are now working as expected in multi-threading environment.
*	\#194823 - Time out exception will no longer occurs when converting Word to PDF document if, `EnableCache` set to false.
*	\#196133 - The generated document is not corrupted when loading the PDF document with `OpenAndRepair`.
*	\#195867 - Modified free text annotation content is now properly visible in the Adobe Reader.
*	\#195735 - Index and length referred to a location within the string exception will no longer occurs while loading particular PDF document.
*	\#195973 - Image index is not valid exception will no longer thrown while replacing image in particular PDF document.
*	\#195246 - This implementation is not a part of the Windows Platform FIPS validated cryptographic algorithms exception will no longer thrown while converting particular word document to PDF.
*	\#194854 - Performance is improved while retrieving `PdfLoadedPage` from `PdfLoadedPageCollection`.
*	\#195652 - Radio button item from `PdfLoadedRadioButtonListField` is retrieving properly in particular page of a PDF document.
*	\#190724 - `PDFCacheCollection` is properly disposed when closing the document.
*	\#195286 - Namespace prefix 'pdf' is not defined exception is no longer thrown while loading a PDF document.
*	\#195206 - Application no longer hangs while extracting images from the PDF document.
*	\#193519 - Rectangular Data Matrix barcode is preserved properly while using `ToImage(SizeF)` with `PdfDataMatrixSize`.
*	\#194851 - Performance is improved while merging PDF documents.
*	\#194854 - Performance is improved while adding more layers to PDF pages.
*	\#194875 - Object reference not set to an instance of an object exception no longer thrown while merging PDF documents.
*	\#194300 - Fixed the performance issue while converting Word to PDF using direct conversion.
*	\#193159 - Particular image is now drawing properly in PDF page.
*	\#133564,195274 - `PdfTextElement` is not hanging if the text is lesser than the bounds.
*	\#135618 - Check boxes with the same name is now checked properly in XFA document.
*	\#134651 - Form fields are not missing in `PdfLoadedFormFieldCollection` for the specific document.
*	Null reference exception will be no longer thrown while adding ink annotation using `PdfLoadedDocument`.
*	Preservation issue no longer occurs while flattening XFA document.
*	Improved the performance of drawing `PdfGrid` with row and column spans.
*	Performance has been improved when exporting `DataGrid` to PDF. 

## PDF Viewer

### Features
{:#pdfviewer-features}

* \#190927 - Provided support for tracking download status on the client side of the PDF viewer control.
* \#189014 - Exposed APIs for performing text search operations.


### Bug Fixes
{:#pdfviewer-bug-fixes}

* \#190571 - Color of the pages in the provided PDF document will not be inverted anymore when the PDF viewer control is rendered in MS edge browser.
* \#193166 - PDF document form fields are not misplaced anymore in the PDF viewer control.
* \#191487 - Form fields data are now maintained after adding the signature certificate to the PDF document.
* \#191396 - Previously added handwritten signatures are now rendered properly.
* \#186005 - Horizontal scrollbar does not appear anymore when in fit-to-page mode.
* \#189182 - Scrolling will work properly if the page is set as ‘fit to page’ mode when the container height is set to 500px.
* \#194814, \#195481 - The properties of the text markup annotation will be preserved properly in the ejPdfViewer control.
* \#193930, \#194715 - PDF document contents are now rendered properly in the PDF viewer control.
* \#195382 - Script error will not be thrown while scrolling the PDF documents in PDF viewer control.
* \#195382 - Hand symbol will be shown now while hovering over hyperlink in MS edge browser.

## PivotClient

### Bug fixes
{:#pivotclient-bug-fixes}

*  \#193969 - Control alignment is proper while enabling `isResponsive` property in pivot client.

### Features
{:#pivotclient-features}

*  \#109587, #192431, #187545 - Provided complete control export option even when paging is enabled.
*  Provided value sorting support in pivot client for relational data sources.
*  Provided paging support for child members in member editor like in Microsoft Excel.

## Presentation

### Bug Fixes
{:#presentation-bug-fixes}
* \#193673 - Image in a PowerPoint slide is no longer replaced by another image while applying `PictureFill` in the same slide.
* \#195363 - Charts with 3D format are now preserved properly while re-saving the PowerPoint presentation.
* \#195363 - Charts are now preserved properly after editing the chart data while re-saving the PowerPoint presentation.
* \#196586 - Charts in the re-saved PowerPoint presentation are now visible in Google Slides and Apple Keynote applications.
* \#195136 - The PowerPoint presentation is not longer corrupted while editing the chart data.
* \#195136 - Shapes in the charts are now preserved properly while re-saving the PowerPoint presentation.
* \#193336 - Shape color is now preserved properly while converting a PowerPoint slide to image.
* \#193336 - Text color is now preserved properly while converting a PowerPoint slide to image.
* \#193336 - Slide number is now preserved properly while converting a PowerPoint slide to image.
* \#194276 - Numbered list style of paragraphs are now preserved properly while converting a PowerPoint slide to image.
* \#194442 - `NullReferenceException` is  no longer thrown while converting the PowerPoint presentation as PDF.
## ReportViewer

### Features

* \#190938 – Provided support to load the SSRS linked report in ReportViewer.

### Bug Fixes    
{:#reportviewer-bug-fixes}

* \#194334 - Now, break tag render properly for HTML content in ReportViewer.

* \#194175 - Resolved drillthrough action event triggered twice when action specified for both text box report item and run text.

* \#192461 - Resolved the parameter block rendering issue for hidden parameter in parameter layout. 

* \#192505 - Now, the default parameter is loaded properly when value type set as null. 

* \#196322 - Now, the dependent multi-value parameter are loaded properly in ReportViewer. 

* \#194334 - Resolved the text box overlapping issue when paragraph text contain multiple new linefeed.

* \#161847 - Now, "No Color" option specified for background color is working properly in Excel, PPT and Word export.

* \#195121 - Resolved the body background image style issue for Export files.

* \#199482 - SSRS shared dataset feature issue fixed for stored procedure and build refreshed on March 02,2018.

* \#199039 - Essential EJ2 style compatibility issue fixed and build refreshed on March 02,2018.
## ejSchedule

### Features
{:#ejschedule-features}

* \#188294 - An improved method for adding/removing resources dynamically to and from the layout has been introduced.
* \#181299 - Support to link together the same appointment to multiple resources has been added, so that the CRUD action made on single appointment reflects on all other grouped ones.

### Breaking changes
{:#ejschedule-breaking-changes}

* \#189169 -  Appointments are now made to drag on mobile mode, just by tap holding and then moving it anywhere instead of dragging it through single touch and move.
* \##192566, #194125 - Appointment resizes properly now, when field names are mapped with custom names.

## TreeGrid

### Features
{:#treegrid-features}

* \#190010 – The TreeGrid control now provides support for multiple row drag and drop.
* \#187394, #187893, #195133 – Now it is possible to reorder the rows using a public method.
* \#191767 – Now the event will be triggered for every parent node being expanded and collapsed, when clicking expand all/collapse all toolbar buttons.
* \#183380, #190127 – Now it is possible to render the TreeGrid control with height as ‘auto’.
* \#183839, #186712 -  The TreeGrid control now provides support for filtering the records either with or without hierarchy.

### Bug Fixes
{:#treegrid-bug-fixes}

* \#192260 – Now in checkbox selection, the `rowSelected` event will be triggered while performing check/uncheck action using keyboard space key.
* \#188711,#195721 – Console error will no longer occur when rendering TreeGrid with no data with text wrap enabled.
* \#194739 – Issue with navigating the editing disabled cell with Tab key command has been fixed.
* \#195271 – Issue with exporting TreeGrid with checkbox selection enabled has been fixed.


## TreeMap

### Features
{:#treemap-features}

* Provided support for mapping the colors from data source for items.
## XlsIO

### Features
{:#xlsio-features}

* \#189521 - Provided support to get cell's precedents and dependents. 
* \#174825 - Provided support  for paste link option in `CopyTo` operation.
* \#F130774 - XlsIO now allows data to be filtered by a cell or font and conditional formatting colors.
* \#192098 - Provided support for exporting Excel data to business objects.
* Provided support for alternative text in list objects.
* Provided support to filter data by icons.

### Breaking Changes
{:#xlsio-breaking-changes}

* \#189521 - `GetDependents()`, `GetPrecedents()` methods are added in `IRange` interface to get cell's precedents and dependents.
* \#192482 - `RangeIndexerMode` is added in `IApplication` interface to include indexer behavior of Interop.
* \#174825 - `CopyTo` method in `IRange` interface is overloaded with a boolean variable indicating paste link option.
* \#F130774 - `AddColorFilter` and `RemoveColorFilter` methods are added in `IAutoFilter` interface.
* \#192098 - `ExportData<T>` is added in `IWorksheet` interface.
* `AlternativeText` and `Summary` properties are added in `IListObject` interface.
* `AddIconFilter` and `RemoveIconFilter` methods are added in `IAutoFilter` interface.
* `IWorksheet` interface is implemented with IEnumerable<T>.

### Bug fixes
{:#xlsio-bug-fixes}

* \#194195 - Corruption issue while copying a worksheet with JPG image is resolved.
* \#190466 - Cell value with thousand separator is now properly detected as number in German culture.
* \#192875 - Performance issue while converting Excel documents with embedded fonts is fixed.
* \#193873 - Excel workbook with duplicate comments can be resaved successfully without corruption.
* \#193832 - File name with space is truncated in HTTP response is resolved.
* \#193301 - Characters with Chinese fonts are rendered properly in Excel to PDF conversion.
* \#192726 - Issue with `DisplayText` property, when cell formulas involve TODAY() function is fixed.
* \#193646 - Freeze panes are now updated properly while deleting the row.
* \#193301 - Issue with Chinese fonts in Excel to PDF conversion is fixed.
* \#193315 - Exception is no longer thrown while setting calculated column formula using table from another worksheet.
* \#192964, \#192961 - Binary Excel documents with improper column value for an image can be opened successfully without exception.
* \#193193 - Exception is no longer thrown with invalid pivot table column name in Excel to PDF conversion.
* \#192558 - Issue with hyperlink address changed on resave is resolved.
* \#192558 - Borders and text alignment are copied properly between workbooks.
* \#191260 - Pivot table layout is improper when one or more fields with same name is fixed.
* \#191561 - Application hangs while setting `ShowTotals` to false for the table having hyperlink is fixed.
* \#192241 - Issue while adding multiple SVG images to an Excel document is fixed.
* \#191657 - Formatting issue while copying the worksheets is fixed.
* \#191673 - Hanging and corruption issues while resaving the binary Excel document with rich text stream record is fixed.
* \#191958 - Issue with table header cell string while accessing the `DisplayText` is fixed.
* \#191745 - Issue with group shapes hyperlink on resave is fixed.
* \#191723 - Chart number formats will be preserved properly on resave.
* \#189288 - Issue with row height for different font sizes is fixed.
* \#191316 - Issue with template marker default variable type action is fixed.
* \#191358 - Issue with conditional format, when formula has space in Excel to PDF conversion is fixed.
* \#188006 - Border line style issue while getting cell style is resolved.
* \#190663 - Template marker performance is improved while copying conditional formats.
* \#190031 - Excel document without table name can be opened successfully without argument exception.
* \#190343, \#191860 - Formula with external workbook reference value is incorrect on resave is fixed.
* \#189712 - ArgumentOutOfRange exception while copying cells between different workbooks is fixed.
* \#190381 - Excel document no longer gets corrupted while creating chart with `EnterDirectValues()`.
* \#190229 - Decimal separator is now recognized properly while setting formula in Czech and German cultures.
* \#190232 - Issue with display text when the number formats end with white-space is fixed.
* \#189693 - Excel document is no longer corrupted when creating new sheets in macro-enabled workbook.
* \#189681 - Excel document with empty preset dash value can be opened without XML exception.
* \#189308 - Issue with cell styles and formatting applied to the excluded hidden ranges is fixed.
* \#189191 - InvalidOperation exception is no longer thrown while saving Excel documents.
* \#189351 - Issue with display unit applied axis labels in chart to image conversion is fixed.
* \#191133, \#194961 - Excel document is no longer corrupted while resaving Excel document with pivot table.
* \#194356 - Excel document gets corrupted while downloading XlsIO resaved file from Internet Explorer browser is fixed.
* \#195255 - Performance issue while using `workbook.Close()` is fixed.
* \#194919 - Commented text and underlined style is incorrect while serializing to XML format is fixed.
* \#194817 - Cropping issue of cell text with special characters in Excel to PDF conversion is fixed.
* \#194718 - Conditional format range gets merged while creating icon set conditional format twice is fixed.
* \#194576 - Comment gets removed while moving the range is fixed.
* \#194093 - Fill color gets modified while changing chart type of the series is fixed.
* \#193171 - Out of Memory exception is thrown while copying large data using `CopyTo` method is resolved.
* \#193306 - Issue with `CopyTo()` method while copying the column with merged area is fixed.
* \#191413 - Cell text is shortened in worksheet to image conversion is fixed.
* \#190794 - Improper number formats of pivot table total field in Excel to PDF conversion is fixed.
* \#189166 - Conditional formats are now applied properly in Excel to PDF Conversion.
* \#193873 - File corruption issue when resaved with comments is fixed.
* \#196758 - File size issue due to worksheet relations for the deleted worksheet while saving the workbook is fixed.
* Issue with `RefersToRange` for table named ranges is fixed.
* Image class conflict between Compression and XlsIO is resolved.
* Issue with position of dynamically added combo boxes in first column is fixed.
* Text with left alignment gets clipped in Excel to PDF conversion is fixed.
* Excel document with scatter chart can be resaved properly.
* Embedded chart with image format header or footer can be viewed without corruption and exception.
* Issue with incorrect row count in table column formula is fixed.
* Image from an embedded chart header or footer can be accessed now.
* Chart series are now plotted properly in chart to image conversion.
* Charts with automatic chart title is now converted properly in chart to image conversion.
* Issue with fill settings for doughnut and column charts in chart to image conversion is fixed.
* Issue with exploded pie charts are out of bounds in chart to image conversion is fixed.
* Corruption issue when resaving the Excel document with continuous external named ranges is fixed.
* Corruption issue when resaving the Excel document with charts is fixed.
* Issue with adding hyperlinks collection when adding shapes is fixed.
* Fixed various issues while copying range and worksheets.
* Fixed various issue in formulas and named ranges.
