---
title: Essential Studio for ASP.NET  2018 Volume 4 service pack 1  Release Notes  
description: Essential Studio for ASP.NET  2018 Volume 4 service pack 1  Release Notes  
platform: aspnet
documentation: ug
---

# Essential Studio for ASP.NET  Release Notes  

{% include release-info.html date=site.releasedate.2018_vol_4_SP1  version="v16.4.0.52" %} 






## Common

### Breaking Changes
{:#common-breaking-changes}

* Visual Studio 2017 and Visual Studio 2019 Preview 2 installed machine, Syncfusion asp.net Controls will not be configured in Visual Studio 2017 toolbox. Refer [this documentation](https://help.syncfusion.com/common/essential-studio/utilities#toolbox-configuration) to configure the toolbox manually. 

* Visual Studio 2017 and Visual Studio 2019 Preview 2 installed machine, Syncfusion asp.net extensions will not be configured in Visual Studio 2017. Refer [this documentation](https://help.syncfusion.com/common/essential-studio/utilities#vsix-installer) to configure the extensions manually. 

## Autocomplete

### Features
{:#autocomplete-features}

* \#217407 - Improved filtering by providing option to include diacritic characters with suggestion list of AutoComplete control.
## DocIO

### Bug Fixes
{:#DocIO-bug-fixes}

* \#221972 - Text is now highlighted properly while converting a Word document to tagged PDF.
* \#223350 - Table cell is now preserved properly while opening an HTML document.
* \#222922 - Image is now preserved properly while converting a Word document to PDF.
* \#222713 - The **ArgumentException** will no longer be thrown while adding a table.
* \#222608 - Font name is now preserved properly while converting an HTML document to Word document.
* \#222751 - The **StackOverFlowException** will no longer be thrown while converting a Word document to PDF.
* \#222670 - Inline content control text is now preserved properly while converting a Word document to PDF.
* \#222320 - Hyperlink is now preserved properly in inline content control while converting a Word document to PDF.
* \#222345 - The **ArgumentOutOfRangeException** will no longer be thrown while updating TOC in RTF format document.
* \#221260 - Line space preservation issue has been resolved While converting a Word document to PDF.
* \#221153 - Inline content control custom XML data is now preserved properly while converting a Word document to PDF.
* \#221725 - The **ArgumentOutOfRangeException** will no longer be thrown while cloning a Word document.
* \#221611 - The **NullReferenceException** will no longer be thrown while saving a Word document.
* \#220710 - Table row is now preserved properly while converting a Word document to PDF.
* \#220324 - Checkbox content control state is now preserved properly while cloning a Word document.
* \#221455 - Hanging issue has been resolved while converting a Word document to PDF.
* \#221119 - List number is now preserved properly while opening an RTF format document.
* \#218943 - List bullet is now preserved properly while opening an RTF format document.
* \#219092 - Merge field before and after text is now preserved properly while executing mail merge.
* \#F141177 - The metafile images are now replaced by default bitmap images while converting a Word document to PDF in Azure platform.
* \#223340 - The **IndexOutOfRangeException** will no longer be thrown while converting a Word document to PDF.
* \#222852 - Footer content is now preserved properly while merging multiple RTF documents.
* \#223355 - Tab is now preserved properly while converting a cloned Word document to Image.
* \#222588 - Formula field result is now preserved properly while updating the Word document fields.
* \#224412 - Hanging issue has been resolved while opening a Word document.
* \#224323, \#225518, \#225883 - The **NullReferenceException** will no longer be thrown while calling the GetText API.
* \#224412 - Tab is now preserved properly while converting a Word document to PDF.
* \#223713, \#223959 - Hanging issue has been resolved while converting a Word document to PDF.
* \#224287 - Image is now preserved properly while converting a Word document to PDF.
* \#223508 - Word document instance is now disposed properly while converting a Word document to PDF.


## FileExplorer

### Breaking Changes
{:#ejfileexplorer-breaking-changes}

* \#224998 - At initial time of FileExplorer rendering, if you specify `selectedItems` or `selectedFolder` API, `select` event will not be triggered hereafter. On UI interaction or when dynamically changing the above property values, `select` event will be triggered.

### Bug Fixes
{:#ejfileexplorer-bug-fixes}

* \#222529 - The issue with, “Search function when the address bar was removed from the FileExplorer” was fixed.
* \#224998 - The issue with, “Post back requests sent repeatedly when using ‘onFileExplorerItemSelected’ event” was fixed

## Gantt

### Bug Fixes
{:#gantt-bug-fixes}

* \#223283 - Issue in parent task progress calculation has been fixed.
* \#223906 - The initial load performance has been improved for long duration tasks mapped with duration and start date values.
* \#225368 - Issue with initial load task dependency validations has been fixed.
## Menu

### Bug Fixes

{:#ejmenu-bug-fixes}

* \#224987 - Menu locale throws console error when using RequireJS issue has been fixed.
## PDF

### Bug Fixes
{:#pdf-bug-fixes} 

*	\#223966 - The XFA form fields are now retrieving properly by field name.
*	\#224603 - The null reference exception will no longer occur when merging certain PDF documents.
*	\#141148 - Tool tip is now preserving properly for `PdfSignatureField`.
*	\#224531 - The null reference exception will no longer occur while saving the merged PDF document.
*	\#223013 - The radio button field state is now importing properly from XFDF document.
*	\#222779 - Attachment is now opening properly from the merged PDF document.
*	\#222425 - The check box form field is now filling properly in `PdfLoadedXfaDocument`.
*	\#222024, \#224795 - The null reference exception will no longer occur when saving the PDF document.
*	\#221122 - PDF security is now preserving properly when saving the PDF document twice.
*	\#217591 - Font is now preserving properly in the flattened PDF document.
*	\#221424 - The `Brush` property of the `PdfPen` is now initialized through the constructor.
*	\#222811 - Line is now rendering properly when converting EMF to PDF document.
*	\#222296 - Text is now preserving properly when converting EMF to PDF document.
*	\#199783 - Content in EMF is now preserving properly when converted to PDF multiple times.
*	\#222410 - EMF is now preserving properly when converting to PDF document.
*	\#222516, 224611 - RTL text is now preserving properly when converting a word document to PDF.
*	\#221808, \#223751 - The "An error exists on this page" exception will no longer occur when converting a word document to PDF.
*	\#223650 - The EMF images are now preserving properly when converting presentation to PDF.
*	\#222811 - The EMF image is now scaling properly when converting EMF to PDF.
*	\#222327 - Hebrew text is now preserving properly when converting XPS to PDF.
*	\#219569 - The "Arithmetic overflow exception" will no longer occur while signing the PDF document.
*	\#222059 - All hidden layers are now printing properly when saving and loading the PDF document.
*	\#221328 - Performance has been improved when saving the uncorrupted PDF document.








## PdfViewer

### Bug Fixes
{:#pdfviewer-bug-fixes}

* \#223562 - The content of the PDF document are now rendered properly.
* \#222903 - Text is now extracted properly for the provided PDF document.
* \#225164 - Error will no longer occur while loading provided PDF document.


## Presentation

### Bug Fixes
{:#Presentation-bug-fixes}

* \#224226 - Application will no more hang while adding an image to a PowerPoint slide.
* \#F141608 - Background color is now properly preserved while exporting a PowerPoint slide to EMF with 100% transparency.
* \#225390 - PowerPoint file will no longer get corrupted while resaving multiple times with charts.
* \#222440 - Notes in a PowerPoint slide can now be cloned and added to another slide.
* \#222693 - Hyperlinks in a PowerPoint slide are now embedded into the converted PDF document.
* \#226350 - Scaled images will now render properly in PowerPoint to PDF conversion.
## ReportViewer

### Features

* \#222076 - Provided `InScope` expression support for data region and its group elements.
* \#185159 - Provided support to use object functions in code modules.

### Bug Fixes
{:#reportviewer-bug-fixes}

* \#221279 - Applying transparent color for Tablix header cell content and background while exporting to PDF and Word export through the web ReportDesigner has been resolved.
* \#219805 - Now, excel sheet names with Unicode characters will export properly.
* \#221279 - Textbox report item height not updated problem based on line feed elements has been resolved.
* \#220969 - Resolved additional space problem in Excel export when the KeepWithGroup Before option is enabled in the Tablix report item.
* \#221556 - Now, report with `Globals.PageName` built-in collection can be exported directly through the ReportWriter.
* \#222390 - Resolved built-in collection `Globals.PageNumber` text run right alignment problem in PDF export.
* \#222198 - Dependent parameter value will update properly in rendering layout after clicking the view report.
* \#222840 - Now, tablix grouping column width will update properly in Excel export.
* \#219541 - Chart data label angle specified for line chart will display properly in the ReportViewer.
* \#222840 - Resolved the sheet name duplication problem when the sheet is named based on group in Excel export.
* \#223992 - Resolved the problem in initial preview and printing of Azure environment reports.

## RichTextEditor

### Bug fixes
{:#ejRTE-bug-fixes}

* \#223779 - Change event triggers just for focus in with edge browser issue has been fixed. 
* \#221308 - Height not updated with RTE Edit Table properties for selected rows in table issue has been fixed.
* \#223029 - Indent is not applied correctly with ordered and unordered list issue has been fixed.
## SpellCheck

### Bug Fixes
{:#ejspellcheck-bug-fixes}

* \#223052 - Exception raised when using the ASP.NET Web method for the SpellCheck control issue has been fixed.

## SunburstChart

### Bug Fixes
{:#sunburstchart-bug-fixes}

* \#226005 - Now, the sunburst chart is working properly when using scripts from the assembly.
## XlsIO

### Breaking Changes
{:#xlsio-breaking-changes}

* \#222797 - `AutoDetectComplexScript` has been added in `ExcelToPdfConverterSettings` class to support complex script rendering in Excel to PDF conversion


### Bug Fixes
{:#xlsio-bug-fixes}

* \#223667 - Exception no more thrown if chart's data range column is deleted.
* \#225065 - Currency number format is now  properly detected in XlsIO generated Excel File.
* \#224023 - Exception thrown while opening an XlsIO re-saved document with group shape is resolved.
* \#223946 - Conditional format is now preserved properly while saving the workbook multiple times.
* \#223839 - Infinite recursive loop on saving an Excel file after modifying chart data range with the improper series indices is resolved.
* \#224024 - Not implemented exception thrown while opening an Excel document external formula range in check box is fixed.
* \#223448 - Pivot table field settings are properly preserved on re-saving the Excel file.
* \#223167 - Custom time format [h]:mm:ss is now detected automatically.
* \#223376 - Exception occurs while saving Excel document with OLE object is resolved.
* \#223226 - NullReferenceException thrown while resaving an Excel file to HTML is fixed.
* \#223041 - Data validation formula is preserved proper while saving as XML.
* \#221229 - Issue with pivot field values due to improper pivot field data format, is resolved.
* \#214445 - Table.Refresh() is now working proper with ODBC connection.
* \#223918 - Conditional format is now preserved properly on converting Excel document to PDF.
* \#223859 - Hyperlink is now set properly in Excel to PDF conversion.
* \#221079 - Exception thrown if print-title row height is higher in Excel to PDF conversion, is fixed.
* \#221693 - Parameter invalid exception thrown while converting Excel document into PDF is fixed.
* \#222797 - Incorrect Thai font in Excel to PDF conversion is fixed.
* \#F141101 - Issue with incorrect parsing of comment is resolved.
* Issue with Conditional formatting operator type is incorrect in re-saved Excel document is fixed.
* Setting a table column header name no longer corrupts the Excel.
* DataBar color is now applied proper for negative values.
* External formula is  applied proper in NET Standard.

