---
title: Essential Studio for ASP.NET 2018 Volume 2 Release Notes
description: Essential Studio for ASP.NET 2018 Volume 2 Release Notes
platform: aspnet
documentation: ug
---

# Essential Studio for ASP.NET Release Notes

{% include release-info.html date=site.releasedate.2018_vol_2  version="v16.2.0.41" %} 


<style>
#license {
    font-size: .88em!important;
margin-top: 1.5em;     margin-bottom: 1.5em;
    background-color: #def8ff;
    padding: 10px 17px 14px;
}
</style>

<div id="license">
Starting with version 16.2 (2018 Vol 2), you need to include a valid license key (either paid or trial key) within your applications. 
Please refer to this <a href="/common/essential-studio/licensing/license-key">help topic</a> for more information   
</div>






## Chart

### Features
{:#chart-features}

* \#199758 - RTL support has been provided for legend, tooltip, and zooming toolkit in chart.
* \#F135203 - Support has been provided to rotate axis label with the text anchor as start.

### Bug fixes
{:#chart-bug-fixes}

* \#196980 - Assigning the [`interval`](https://help.syncfusion.com/api/js/ejchart#members:primaryxaxis-range-interval) in `dateTimeCategory` axis is now working properly.
* \#197819 - Now, [`tooltip`](https://help.syncfusion.com/api/js/ejchart#members:series-tooltip) will be rendered properly for table elements.
* \#199607 - Now, [`zoom toolkit`](https://help.syncfusion.com/api/js/ejchart#members:zooming-toolbaritems) will be rendered properly while refreshing the chart.
* \#198412, 201293 - Now, chart will be rendered by using element’s both `id` and `class` names.
* \#199302 - [`Data labels`](https://help.syncfusion.com/api/js/ejchart#members:series-marker-datalabel) are now working properly without colliding each other in the accumulation series.
* \#198412, 201293 - Now, chart will be rendered by using element’s both `id` and `class` names.
* \#136995 - Now, column chart will render properly while setting series [`type`](https://help.syncfusion.com/api/js/ejchart#members:series-type) in pascal case.
* Now, chart will be render properly, when the [`size`](https://help.syncfusion.com/api/js/ejchart#members:size) is 99% of parent container.
## DataManager

### Features
{:#datamanager-features}

* We can now enable or disable AJAX caching via `enableAjaxCache` API in the DataManager control.

## Diagram

### Features
{:#diagram-features}

 * \#125463, 125593, 133145, 126648, 142340, 147493, 157092, 167300, 172181, 176433, 178583 - Support to automatically re-route the line around the nodes if any nodes is found in between line is added.
## DocIO

### Features
{:#DocIO-features}

* \#197650, \#198520, \#201686 - Added support to preserve fonts embedded in Word document during DOCX to PDF conversion. 
* \#F131792, \#F132491 - Added support to preserve editable form fields during Word to PDF conversion.
* \#195530, \#203634, \#201967 - Added support to open and save Strict Open XML Document (*.docx) format.
* \#102574, \#98747, \#200288 - Added support for exporting Word Headings to PDF Bookmarks during Word to PDF conversion.
* \#200288 - Added support for generating 508 compliant PDF documents during Word to PDF conversion.
* \#F137353 - Added `CharacterFormat` property in `WPicture` class.
* \#204615, \#204634, \#205098, \#F137327 - Added Font stream property in `SubstituteFontEventHandler` to set alternate font stream for missing fonts in device during Word to PDF/Image conversion.

### Breaking Changes
{:#DocIO-breaking-changes}

* \#F137353 - The property `CharacterFormat` was added to the `IWPicture` interface.

### Bug Fixes
{:#DocIO-bug-fixes}

* \#197282 - `ArgumentException` will be no longer thrown while parsing a particular RTF document.
* \#199294 - The character and paragraph properties inherited from source document default formats are now properly imported to destination document.
* \#197763 - Picture effects are now preserved properly while merging a cloned Word document for multiple times.
* \#196839 - Paragraph with "None" list style type is now preserved properly while parsing a HTML format document.
* \#201256, \#201364 - Field code is now serialized properly within "instrText" element while opening and saving DOCX format document.
* \#198450, \#198489 - `FormatException` will be no longer thrown while opening and saving a particular DOCX format document.
* \#198653 - `ArgumentOutOfRangeException` will be no longer thrown while updating fields in a particular Word document.
* \#200254 - `ArgumentOutOfRangeException` will be no longer thrown while parsing a particular DOCX format document.
* \#198360 - `IndexOutOfRangeException` will be no longer thrown while opening and saving a particular Word document.
* \#200327 - Formatting of contents within textbox is now preserved properly while converting a particular Word document as HTML.
* \#199782 - Font preservation issue has been resolved while converting a particular RTF document to Word document.
* \#199747 - No extra characters will be preserved while converting a Word document as RTF.
* \#198068 - Nested body contents are now preserved properly while parsing a particular Word document.
* \#195214 - Paragraph within nested table is now preserved properly while converting a particular Word document as PDF.
* \#195214 - Paragraph with `keep with next` property is now preserved properly while converting a particular Word document as PDF.
* \#195214 - Vertically merged cells are now preserved properly while converting a particular Word document as PDF.
* \#196520 - Fields with unknown type are now preserved properly while converting a particular Word document as PDF.
* \#196520, \#200771 - List numbering preservation issue has been resolved while converting a particular Word document as PDF.
* \#195214 - Table styles are now applied properly while converting a particular Word document as PDF.
* \#199166, \#202106 - `ArgumentOutOfRangeException` will be no longer thrown while updating content control text for Word to PDF conversion.
* \#189615 - Shape flip style is now preserved properly while converting a particular Word document as PDF.
* \#198450 - Frames are now preserved properly while converting a particular Word document as PDF.
* \#199783 - Watermark image is now preserved properly in the converted PDF when `wash out` property of the watermark is disabled.
* \#198249 - TOC text color is now preserved properly while converting a particular Word document as PDF.
* \#189881 - Text alignment is now preserved properly while converting a particular Word document as PDF.
* \#199056 - Preservation issue due to wrapping text around textbox has been resolved while converting a particular Word document as PDF.
* \#198842 - Footnote preservation issue has been resolved while converting a particular Word document as PDF.
* \#197456 - `OutOfMemoryException` will be no longer thrown while converting a particular Word document as PDF.
* \#198675 - `NullReferenceException` will be no longer thrown while converting a particular Word document as PDF.
* \#197524, \#202787 - Hanging issue has been resolved while converting a particular Word document as PDF.
* \#196443 - Extra page preservation issue has been resolved while converting a particular Word document as PDF.
* \#200936 - Oval shape preservation issue has been resolved while converting a particular Word document as PDF.
* \#198662 - Image is now preserved properly while merging DOC format documents and saving as DOCX format document.
* \#198007, \#195050 - The content control text is now preserved properly while converting a particular Word document as PDF.
* \#195050, \#198007 - TOC content is now preserved properly after updating table of content which is inside the content control.
* \#198007, \#195050 - Line break is now preserved properly while binding content control text for Word to PDF conversion.
* \#200715 - Ampersand symbol is now imported properly from a particular HTML file.
* \#200861 - The content control text is now preserved properly while converting a particular DOCX format document as RTF.
* \#201472 - File path is now shown properly in hyperlink which is created by using `AppendHyperlink` method.
* \#201466 - Vertical merged cells are now preserved properly while converting a particular Word document as PDF.
* \#201937, \#202761 - `ArgumentOutOfRangeException` will be no longer thrown while performing Mail merge in a particular Word document.
* \#201812, \#202761 - TOC content is now preserved properly while resaving a particular Word document.
* \#200399 - The image position with multiple column issue has been resolved while converting a particular Word document as PDF. 
* \#202261 - The gray scale image recoloring is now preserved properly while converting a particular Word document as PDF.
* \#201685 - The horizontal shape position issue has been resolved while converting a particular Word document as PDF.
* \#200702 - Alternative text for OLE Picture is now preserved properly while saving a particular DOCX format document.
* \#200882 - Decimal separator is now preserved properly while exporting a particular HTML file in machines with German culture.
* \#202007 - No longer hangs while performing Word to PDF conversion for a particular Word document in 64-bit environment.
* \#201243 - Text watermark position issue has been resolved while converting a particular Word document as PDF.
* \#202883 - Tab position issue has been resolved while converting a particular Word document as PDF.
* \#201467 - Table missing issue has been resolved while converting a particular Word document as PDF.
* \#204072 - Bidirectional text is now preserved properly while converting a particular RTF document to Word document and vice versa.
* \#201718 - Shape position and size preservation issue has been resolved while converting a particular Word document as PDF.
* \#202700 - No longer hangs while performing Word to PDF conversion for a particular Word document.
* \#201967 - `ArgumentOutOfRangeException` will be no longer thrown while opening and saving a particular Word DOCX document containing web video element.
* \#201718 - `SmileyFace` shape preservation issue has been resolved while converting a particular Word document as PDF.
* \#199931 - Macro project signature is now preserved properly in customUI.xml (Ribbon QAT options) for a particular document during DOTM to DOCM conversion.
* \#203526 - `NullReferenceException` will be no longer thrown while updating document fields in a particular Word document.
* \#201243, \#205470 - Text watermark position issue has been resolved while converting a particular Word document as PDF.
* \#204279 - List number is preserved properly while converting a particular Word document as PDF.
* \#199166, \#200861, \#202966 - Font size is now preserved properly while converting Word document with compatibility option `overrideTableStyleFontSizeAndJustification` as PDF.
* \#199221 - Table position issue has been resolved while converting a particular Word document as PDF.
* \#190618 - Content and frame position issue has been resolved while converting a particular Word document as PDF.
* \#197686 - `IndexOutOfRangeException` will be no longer thrown while parsing a particular RTF Word document.
* \#F135803 - Date field with static field code text is now preserved properly while converting a particular Word document as PDF.
* \#199221 - Text splitting issue has been resolved while converting a particular Word document as PDF.
## DropDownList

### Bug Fixes

{:#dropdownlist-bug-fixes}

* \#199394 - SelectedIndex property is now works with manually cascaded dropdownlist from code behind.

## Gantt

### Features
{:#gantt-features}

* \#198401 - Now it is possible to enable/disable the automatic update of schedule date values in Gantt.
* \#198322 - The Gantt control now provides the support to filter column with multiple predicates dynamically.
* \#F135428 - The Gantt control now provides the support to update the data source dynamically in resource allocation view.
* Now it is possible to update a task dynamically in resource allocation view in Gantt

### Bug Fixes
{:#gantt-bug-fixes}
* \#205646 - Issue with `searchItem` method has been fixed.
* \#203527 - Issue with multiple selection in resource allocation view has been fixed.
* \#200693 - Now the `RowSelected` event triggered properly on mouse click action.
* \#199049 - Issue with dependency tasks validation on manual taskbar editing has been fixed. 
* \#198369 - Auto focusing issue in Gantt on toolbar click action has been fixed.
* \#198543 - Task label overlapping issue in Gantt has been fixed.
* \#206486, F137757 - Issue in exporting parent task with a milestone child task has been fixed.

## Grid


### Bug Fixes
{:#grid-bug-fixes}

*  \#204125 - Exporting of number column as template and exporting of template column with local save option are working properly.
*  \#204862 - Searching is working properly, when records not in datasource are searched with grouped columns enabled.
*  \#203150 - Tooltip is displayed correctly, after the postback button is clicked.
*  \#204289 - Checkbox selection is working properly, when summary rows are enabled.

## Maps

### Features
{:#maps-features}

* \#195450, 196781, 196829 - Performance of the map control has been improved.
* Support has been provided to toggle the visibility of map shapes when clicking the corresponding legend.
## PDF

### Features
{:#pdf-features}

*	\#199403,197452 - Support for adding annotation to the PDF Layers is added.
*	\#93029,175644,190033,190937,194794,199329,198104 - Support for converting existing PDF document to PDF/A-1b document is added.
*	\#188500,197742 - Support for flattening the existing signature field.
*	\#188916 - Support for adding custom metadata to the PDF document.
*	\#134972 – Support for adding document timestamp to the PDF document.
*	\#202269 – Support for fill and save hidden item in `PdfLoadedXfaDocument`.

### Bug Fixes
{:#pdf-bug-fixes} 

*	\#198270 - Text preservation issue no longer occurs while converting XPS document to PDF.
*	\#200302 - Improved the performance when importing the pages from the existing PDF document.
*	\#200680 - Null reference exception no longer occurs when altering the page label of existing PDF document.
*	\#200527 - Null reference exception no longer occurs when loading a PDF document with open and repair.
*	\#200438 - Same key has already been added exception no longer occurs when loading particular PDF document.
* 	\#199711 - Null reference exception no longer occurs when importing named destinations from the PDF document.
*	\#198565 - Null reference exception no longer occurs when merging the particular PDF documents.
* 	\#197635 - `An error was encountered while retrieving page content` exception no longer occurs when adding watermark to the existing PDF document in Adobe Acrobat Pro DC.
*	\#199398 - URI value from `PdfLoadedUriAnnotation` is now preserving properly when retrieving the PDF document.
*	\#199159 - Null reference exception no longer occurs when importing the pages from the particular PDF document.
*	\#198936,198057 - Null reference exception no longer occurs when merging the particular PDF documents.
*	\#198683 - Performance has been increased when loading particular PDF document.
*	\#198249 - The inner EMF image is preserving properly while converting EMF to PDF.
*	\#198498 - Opacity is now properly applying to the flattened annotation.
*	\#198487 - Null reference exception no longer occurs when loading the particular PDF document.
*	\#198391 - Application crashing issue no longer occurs when performing OCR in multi-threading environment.
*	\#198281,198759 - Signature is now valid while adding digital signature to the PDF document in different time zones.
*	\#197917 - Null reference exception no longer occurs when drawing HTML text in the existing PDF document.
*	\#194851 - Improved the performance while closing the PDF document.
*	\#196766,198057,196766 - The document size is optimized when importing the page from the particular document.
*	\#197506 - The `CreateTemplate` method is now working properly in multi-threading environment.
*	\#197436 - `Argument out of range exception` no longer occurs when filling XFA document.
*	\#197077,198678 - `Cannot find the PDF catalog information` exception no longer occurs when loading the particular PDF document.
*	\#197123 - PDF form fields are now preserving properly when merging the PDF documents.
*	\#196643 - Improved the performance when loading the corrupted PDF documents.
*	\#196621 - Improved the performance when splitting a large PDF document.
*	\#195214 - Shapes are now preserving properly in PDF while converting EMF document to PDF.
*	\#194948 - Improved the performance when creating large PDF document with Hebrew text.
*	\#194156 - Image is now preserving properly while converting XPS document to PDF.
*	\#194018 - `ArgumentException` is no longer occurs when flattening a PDF document.
*	\#199712 - `OutOfMemoryException` no longer occurs when providing large input text to QR code.
*	\#199907 - The `PdfLoadedSignatureField` is now loading from the existing PDF document.
*	\#177819 - Text extraction is now preserving properly from the existing PDF document.
*	\#201640 - Images are now compressing properly, when compressing existing PDF document.
*	\#201292 - Cannot use the specified stream exception is no longer thrown, while loading the particular PDF document.
*	\#196882 - Borders of `PdfLoadedTextBoxField` are now preserved properly while flattening form fields.
*	\#200987 - PDF will no longer be corrupted, when adding the security to the protected document.
*	\#201693 - Null reference exception will not occurs while merging particular PDF documents.
*	\#201054 - `PdfUsedFonts` will not duplicate fonts from the particular PDF document.
*	\#194851 - Improved performance for saving large PDF document.
*	\#201871 - Preflight error will not occur when flattening PDF document.
*	\#200949 - Text will be preserved properly while converting Word to PDF with complete font embedding.
*	\#199545 - Border color and font is now retrieving properly from `PdfLoadedFreeTextAnnotation`.
*	\#203312 - Text is now preserving properly when appending to the particular PDF document.
*	\#199195 - `OutOfMemoryException` no longer occurs when performing OCR on large PDF document.
*	\#201303 - PDF layer is now removing properly from the page.
*	Child `PdfGrid` borders are now preserved properly.
*	Cell padding is now applied properly to the background image of `PdfGridCell`.



## PdfViewer

### Features
{:#pdfviewer-features}

* \#194217 - The page break for each page will be maintained while printing in Internet Explorer and Microsoft Edge browsers using PDF viewer.
* \#196820 - The client buffering process of the PDF viewer will also support to render all the PDF pages in a single request.



### Bug Fixes
{:#pdfviewer-bug-fixes}


* \#200805 - The image is now rendered properly while printing the provided PDF document. 
* \#163277 - The background color is now preserved properly while rendering the provided PDF document.
* \#201397 - Dotted lines in the provided PDF document are now rendered properly in the PDF viewer.
* \#201274 - Fallback font is now preserved properly while rendering the PDF document, if the used system fonts are not installed in the machine.
* \#201396 - The PDF documents are not swapped anymore, while viewing the documents from two different machines.
* \#201391 - Vertical lines in the provided PDF document are now rendered properly while viewing in lower zoom percentage. 
* \#200597, \#198377, \#F136889 - The contents of the provided PDF document are now rendered properly in the PDF viewer.
* \#198196, \#201705 - Font name and style are preserved properly while rendering the provided PDF document in the PDF viewer control.
* \#200079 - The watermark texts in the provided PDF document are now rendered properly.
* \#200598 - Contents in the PDF document are now rendered properly while exporting the PDF document as images.
* \#200072 – ExtractImages API is working properly with the provided PDF document.
* \#197343 - Text content in the PDF document is now rendered properly in the PDF viewer.
* \#197884 - The pages of the provided PDF document will be exported as images properly.
* \#198840 - The table in the provided PDF document will be rendered properly in the PDF viewer.
* \#197614 - The label text appearing during the printing operation of the PDF viewer control will support localization.
* \#197613 - The file name of the PDF document will be passed in the AJAX response from the server instead of full file path in the PDF viewer.
* \#197881 - Transparency of the text will be preserved properly in the PDF viewer.
* \#197886 - Contents in the PDF Document are now rendered properly in the PDF viewer.
* \#197888 - Contents in the provided PDF document will not overlap when viewed in the PDF viewer.
* \#198047 - No exception will be thrown while exporting the PDF document as images.
* \#198151 - PDF viewer will now preserve the system fonts properly while rendering the text contents.
* \#195648 - Horizontal Scrollbar does not appear on resizing the browser window.
* \#F136889 – Search instances are now highlighted properly while searching the text in the provided PDF document.
* \#203696 - Text box single click behavior is now works as expected.
* \#204209 - Exception will no longer be thrown while loading the provided PDF document in the PDF viewer.
* \#204321 - Text box multi-line text is now preserved properly while downloading the PDF document from PDF viewer.


## PivotChart

### Features
{:#pivotchart-features}

*  PivotChart can be rendered with multiple axis now.

## PivotClient

### Features
{:#pivotclient-features}

*  Calculated members and measures are supported dynamically at runtime.

## Presentation

### Features
{:#presentation-features}

* \#188453 , \#195951, \#120538, \#150198, \#154578, \#162596, \#165263, \#175560, \#179509, \#190137 - Added support for creating and editing animations in PowerPoint presentation.
* \#167482, \#167778 - Added support for PowerPoint presentation to PDF conversion in Azure platform.
* \#195951 - Added support to convert the SmartArt diagrams with shape guide properties.
* \#201054 - Added support to replace a missing font with another substitute font while converting a PowerPoint presentation to image or PDF document.

### Breaking Changes
{:#presentation-breaking-changes}

* The property `Timeline` was added to the `IBaseSlide` interface.
* The property `FontSettings` was added to the `IPresentation` interface.

### Bug Fixes
{:#presentation-bug-fixes}
* \#201506 - Used memory is now disposed properly after resaving the PowerPoint presentation with charts.
* \#198361 - Images are now preserved properly while performing clone and merge in PowerPoint presentation.
* \#199566 - The URL associated with a hyperlink is now preserved properly while re-saving the PowerPoint presentation.
* \#199259 - Application will no longer hang while re-saving the PowerPoint presentation with SmartArt diagrams.
* \#196810 - PowerPoint presentation is no more corrupted while applying slide formatting options.
* \#199260 - `NullReferenceException` is no more thrown while converting a Presentation slide to image.



## ReportViewer

### Features

* \#199012 - Provided support to render 3D chart in reportviewer when it is enabled.

### Bug Fixes
{:#reportviewer-bug-fixes}

* \#201595 - Date format in chart axis values will render properly.
* \#201290 - Now, SSRS Report Server hosted images is render properly in preview.
* \#200716 - Resolved the RDLC sub report loading problem due to null reference exception.
* \#199482 - Now, command type is serialized properly for shared dataset.
* \#198092 - Resolved command line issue in dataset filter expression.
* \#197529 - Resolved the chart series border style serialization problem.
* \#197529 - Label visibility property will serialize properly when specified as expression.
* \#200798 - Resolved the exception when report does not contain any body report items.
* \#191700 - Now, RDLC report will render properly when datasource items contains array values.
## Schedule

###  Breaking Changes
{:#schedule-breaking-changes}

*  We have now integrated into our source - the time conversion process of appointment’s start and end time to Universal (UTC) time before updating to database; and another conversion of the same to the local time on initial fetch up from database before assigning to Schedule `dataSource`. Therefore, the explicit appointment time conversions from application end is no more needed.

## Spreadsheet

### Features	
{:#spreadsheet-features}

* Provided support for array formulas.
* Provided support for structured references with tables.
## TreeGrid

### Features
{:#treegrid-features}

* Now it is possible to expand/collapse total summary and customize the total summary height in TreeGrid.
* \#198322 - The TreeGrid control now provides the support to filter column with multiple predicates dynamically.
* \#195738 - Now it is possible to customize the detail template column width in TreeGrid.
* \#195133 - The TreeGrid control now provides support to perform CRUD operations through data manager using URL and WebAPI adaptors.

### Bug Fixes
{:#treegrid-bug-fixes}

* \#197718 - Issue with column validation on row add action has been fixed.
* \#197216 – Alignment issue in frozen column with text wrap enabled mode has been fixed.
* \#204996 - Issue in inline editing with command columns has been fixed.
* \#205681 - Issue in updating data source with total summary rows has been fixed.


## TreeMap

### Features
{:#treemap-features}

* Support has been provided to render the tree map from any specific level instead of first level.
## XlsIO

### Features
{:#xlsio-features}

* \#155355, \#179457, \#204279 - Provided support for chart color and size properties referencing from style IDs in Chart to Image and PDF conversions.
* \#116822, \#117394, \#119390, \#119962, \#129968, \#133270, \#140132, \#140126, \#165470, \#196116 - Provided support for AutoShapes in Excel to PDF conversion.
* \#201193 - Provided support to retain formula references while removing and reattaching worksheets.
* \#196744 - Provided support for "Repeat All Item Labels" option in pivot table.
* \#193297 - Provided support for GroupShapes.
* \#186369 - Provided support to skip blank cells on range copy.
* Provided support for Resize and Offset operations in IRange.
* Provided support for extension lists that are supported by Microsoft Excel.


### Breaking Changes
{:#xlsio-breaking-changes}

* \#155355, \#179457, \#204279 - `Style` property is added in `IChart` interface.
* \#201193 - `UpdateSheetFormulaReference` is added in `IApplication` interface to ensure whether to remove worksheet reference in formulas on removing and reattaching the worksheet.
* \#196744 - `RepeatLabels` property is added in `IPivotField` interface.
* \#196744 - `RepeatAllLabels(bool)` method is added in `IPivotTableOptions` interface.
* \#193297 - `Group(IShapes)`, `UnGroup(IGroupShape)`, `UnGroup(IGroupShape, bool)` methods are added in `IShapes` interface.  
* \#186369 - `CopyTo(IRange, ExcelCopyRangeOptions, bool)` method is added in `IRange` interface to skip blank cells while copying.
* \#198134 - `FullFileName` property is added in `IWorkbook` interface.
* \#198663 , \#198664 - `IRange` and `IWorkbook` interfaces are implemented with `IEnumerable`.
* `Resize()` and `Offset()` methods are added in `IRange` interface.
* `ShowLeaderLines` and `LeaderLines` properties are added in `IChartSerie` interface.
* `IIconConditionValue` interface with properties `IconSet` and `Index` is added.

### Bug fixes
{:#xlsio-bug-fixes}

* \#200525 - Corruption issue while removing last row in a table is fixed.
* \#200090 - Space preservation issue while resaving a binary (XLS) file to xml format (XLSX) is fixed.
* \#198853 - Incremental formula is set properly for formulas with sheet reference.
* \#198385 - Legend color is not set when applied for entire legend collection is fixed.
* \#198849 - Column styles will be moved properly while inserting column in a worksheet.
* \#198858 - File with macros can be saved successfully without any corruption.
* \#198898 - Excel file with external formula reference in data validation can be opened without any exception.
* \#198785 - Find values within range accepts `ExcelFindType.Values` without any exception.
* \#198289 - Performance issue while opening Excel file with data validation applied on large range is resolved.
* \#198385 - Issue with chart axis font color for binary file is fixed.
* \#158298 - Month and day columns in pivot table can be sorted properly.
* \#197892 - Text gets cropped on CSV to PDF conversion is fixed.
* \#195255 - Performance issue while closing the workbook is fixed.
* \#197896 - Filter icon visibility issue in merged column header is fixed.
* \#197903 - Number formats are preserved correctly without any addition of extra slashes.
* \#198277 - Exception raised while opening the Excel file with date cell type is resolved.
* \#197711 - Exception thrown while saving an XML file having default parent style index to XLSX format is resolved.
* \#135796 - Issue with border of text box shape in worksheet to image conversion is fixed.
* \#197433 - Issue with row height value when changing the system resolution is resolved.
* \#197691 - Issues with Doughnut chart explosion and category values in the data labels in chart to image conversion are fixed.
* \#197106 - Calculated field can be added to more than one pivot table without any file corruption.
* \#196836 - Object reference exception when worksheet has custom property set to null is resolved.
* \#196955 - Chart font color settings are applied properly in chart elements.
* \#158298 - Issue with pivot table field sorting when sort field items are less than the field item count is fixed.
* \#196737 - Worksheet header image can be replaced properly without any variation in image size.
* \#196116 - Image is rendered properly in Excel to PDF conversion when `ExportQualityImage` property of converter settings is set true.
* \#196502 - Exception while opening an Excel file with empty fill tag is resolved.
* \#191260 , \#196173 - Used range is properly updated while layouting a pivot table.
* \#196117 - Issue with hyperlink added to a cell after adding shape hyperlink is fixed.
* \#195137 , \#196893 - Column text contains DateTime formatted values instead of Date values is fixed.
* \#198849 - Cell data validation is removed properly while copying empty cells.
* \#F135796 - ArgumentOutOfRangeException in PresentationCore during chart to image conversion in different cultures is fixed.
* \#F136967 - Issue while parsing numeric cell value in Brazil culture is fixed.
* \#200508 - Pivot field sorting is incorrect while sorting month name is fixed.
* \#203029 - Issue with nullable properties not getting exported in Business Objects is fixed.
* \#201868 - ArgumentException raised while retrieving `UsedRange` for binary file is fixed.
* \#201968 - Issue while setting formula with IF function is fixed.
* \#200818 - File gets corrupted while setting numeric value for named ranges is resolved.
* \#201967 - Issue with percentage values in chart is fixed.
* \#201618, \#202220 - NullReferenceException while converting the worksheet to image with particular number format is resolved.
* \#201685 - Exception with the large category axis labels in chart to image conversion is fixed.
* \#201131 - Formula value is incorrect while parsing the workbook is fixed.
* \#201140 - Performance issue while opening Excel file with charts is fixed.
* \#200629 - Need to skip the exception for null values in template marker.
* \#199992, \#202778, \#202886 - Issue with invalid formula in OfficeChart is fixed.
* \#201506 - Memory leak issue in OfficeChart is resolved.
* \#204215 - Empty chart with date time category axis can be converted to image without any argument exception.
* \#203971 - Issue with OLE object type of Acrobat document is fixed.
* \#203970 - Picture associated with OLE object is rendered properly in Excel to PDF conversion.
* \#203402 - RTF text is rendered properly in Worksheet to Image conversion for the framework 4.0.
* \#203204 - Exception thrown while setting negative values to shape properties is resolved.
* \#202589 - Issue with `Picture` property of OLE object is fixed.
* Corruption issue is resolved while copying tables with same name by AddCopy().
* Performance issue while copying entire column to another range is resolved.
* Conditional formats are removed from destination range while copying is fixed.
* Worksheet unused columns are not collapsed in Google Sheets.
* Exception is no longer thrown while copying tables to existing table ranges.
* Issue with visibility of zero or negative size values for bubble chart data points in chart to image conversion is fixed.
* The data points are set with possible ways of display blank as option in chart to image conversion.
* Exception while opening Excel file with DDE link formula is resolved.
* Fixed various issues in `CopyTo()` and `AddCopy()` of tables, formulae, ranges, shapes and worksheets.
* AutoShapes are not re-positioned properly after moving to same or different worksheet using `CopyTo()` is fixed.
* Issue with incorrect table formula value is fixed.
* Chart line colors are not varied and are returned properly.
* Issue with left and top positions for Checkbox is returned is fixed.
* Chart category axis value is proper while creating a chart with data values containing formula.
* Null reference exception thrown while setting “BASE” formula is resolved.
* Worksheet data is exported to data table with proper column name.
* Exception thrown while opening a workbook having unused formats with `ParseWorksheetsOnDemand` is resolved.
* Exception thrown while converting a chart with date axis to image is resolved.

