---
title: Essential Studio for ASP.NET 2018 Volume 3 Service Pack 1 Release Notes 
description: Essential Studio for ASP.NET 2018 Volume 3 Service Pack 1 Release Notes 
platform: aspnet
documentation: ug
---

# Essential Studio for ASP.NET Release Notes 

{% include release-info.html date=site.releasedate.2018_vol_3_sp1  version="v16.3.0.29" %} 

<style>
#license {
    font-size: .88em!important;
margin-top: 1.5em;     margin-bottom: 1.5em;
    background-color: #def8ff;
    padding: 10px 17px 14px;
}
</style>

<div id="license">
Starting with version 16.2 (2018 Vol 2), you need to include a valid license key (either paid or trial key) within your applications. 
Please refer to this <a href="/common/essential-studio/licensing/license-key">help topic</a> for more information 
</div>






## Common

### Bug Fixes
{:#common-bug-fixes}

* \#212870 - EJ mobile source files (script and themes) missed in the previous release have been added.
* \#217381 - Toolbox items will be properly loaded in ASP.NET Web Forms platform in VS 2008.
## Diagram

### Bug fixes
{:#diagram-bug-fixes}

* \#215104,216178 - While defining the node complex properties in the designer page, it no longer refers as unknown element.
## DocIO

### Bug Fixes
{:#DocIO-bug-fixes}

* \#216566 - The file will no longer be corrupted while adding Chart into a Word document (DOCX).
* \#215421 - Paragraph list is now preserved properly while merging a cloned paragraph with ImportOptions.KeepSourceFormatting.
* \#F139944, \#215539 - Custom UI is now preserved properly while opening and saving a Word document (DOCX). 
* \#214749 - The "FormatException" will no longer be thrown while opening a Word document.
* \#214664 - Table cell content is now preserved properly while converting a Word document to PDF.
* \#214435 - Hanging issue has been resolved while converting a Word document to Image.
* \#213886 - List number is now preserved properly while opening and saving a Word document (DOCX).
* \#F139508 - Page border position is now preserved properly while converting a Word document to PDF.
* \#213327 - Shape is now preserved properly while converting a Word document to PDF.
* \#213151 - Bullets are now preserved properly while merging the Word documents.
* \#213042 - Unexpected frame preservation issue has been resolved while calling the WordDocument.Replace API for Word document.
* \#212593 - Text wrapping issue has been resolved while converting a Word document to PDF.
* \#212502 - Textbox is now preserved properly while converting a Word document to PDF.
* \#210586 - The "NotSupportedException" will no longer be thrown while converting a HTML document to Word document.
* \#182512 - The "OutOfMemoryException" will no longer be thrown while opening a Word document.

## DatePicker

### Bug Fixes
{:#datepicker-bug-fixes}

* \#215393 - TimeZone API support has been provided for DatePicker in ASP.NET.
## Gantt

### Bug Fixes
{:#gantt-bug-fixes}

* Issue with taskbar tool tip position when tool tip has more content has been fixed.
## TreeGrid

### Bug Fixes
{:#treegrid-bug-fixes}

* \#216853 - Issue in search text box with multiple tree grid in same page has been fixed.
* \#217739 - Issue in updateRecordByIndex public method with batch editing has been fixed.
* \#216627 - Now it is possible to get the hidden column field value in actionComplete event arguments.


## MaskEdit

### Bug Fixes 
{:#maskedit-bug-fixes}

* \#197921 - Issue with updating "unmaskedValue" argument value of "change" event has been fixed.

* \#197921 – Issue with mask edit value not showing properly when using "/" in the mask format has been fixed.

## PDF


### Bug Fixes
{:#pdf-bug-fixes} 

*	\#215133 - Performance has been improved when accessing the PDF document layers.
*	\#210943, \#216074 - String was not recognized as a valid DateTime exception will no longer occur while loading a PDF document.
*	\#215941 - Barcode is now preserving with proper size when specifying the size of a barcode.
*	\#215595 - The 1D barcode is now scanning properly with default width.
*	\#215096 - FNC characters in the given input is now preserving properly for `PdfGS1Code128Barcode`.
*	\#215166 - The Null-reference exception will no longer occur while loading a PDF document.
*	\#214918 - Light table header is now preserving properly when providing the data source through `IEnumerable`.
*	\#214401 - The ArgumentException will no longer occur when loading a PDF document.
*	\#213436 - The ArgumentException will no longer occur while loading a PDF document with Spanish culture settings.
*	\#217131 - File size has been decreased while redacting a PDF document.
*	\#215998 - Performance has been improved when converting XPS to PDF document.
*	\#215977 - Text is now redacting properly when redact with annotation.
*	\#215817 - "A Graphics object cannot be created from an image that has an indexed pixel format." exception will no longer occur when redacting a PDF document.
*	\#213910 - Text is now preserving properly when converting a PDF document to PDF/A-1b document.
*	\#214354 - The Hebrew text is now preserving properly in EMF to PDF conversion.
*	\#213566, \#213951 - Text is now preserving properly when converting word document to PDF in azure function app.
*	\#212556 - The OutOfMemory exception will no longer occur when converting PDF to PDF/A-1B.
*	\#217007 - The Null-reference exception will no longer occur when importing pages from the PDF document. 







## PdfViewer

### Features
{:#pdfviewer-features}

* \#215410 – Exposed an API updateViewerSize to resize the PDF Viewer control.
* \#212436 - Exposed an event ajaxRequestSuccess to receive the JSON data on success of AJAX request.


### Bug Fixes
{:#pdfviewer-bug-fixes}

* \#213372 - The memory consumption is now reduced while extracting the text from large PDF documents.
* \#215213 - The elements in the PDF document are now rendered properly in the exported image.
* \#215907 - The image in the PDF document is now rendered properly in the exported image.
* \#217595, \#215227, \#210823 - Content in the PDF document is now rendered properly in PDF Viewer.


## Presentation

### Bug Fixes
{:#presentation-bug-fixes}

* \#213387 - Slide background is now preserved properly while converting a PowerPoint slide to image.
* \#213409 - Picture fill is now preserved properly in portable PDF rendering.
* \#207078 - The `FormatException` will no longer be thrown while resaving a PowerPoint document with formulated path points.

## ReportViewer

### Features

* \#216091, #211268 – Provided user defined custom attribute to render the trendline chart.
* \#217143 – Provided support to show the tooltip for chart series.
* \#217103 – Provided `AjaxBeforeLoad` event for report viewer in ASP.NET webforms.

### Bug Fixes
{:#reportviewer-bug-fixes}

* \#218557 – The blank page rendering issue when using the nested tablix with span cells has been resolved.
* \#216640 – Now, Lookup, LookupSet, MultiLookup miscellaneous functions return correct values when different scopes are used in single expression.
* \#215937 – NRE in the chart report item when it contains legend title has been resolved.
* \#213670 – Now, the external font is applied properly in the chrome browser when font contains spacing character.
* \#215645 – Now, the export and fit to page toolbar options are updated properly based on focus.
* \#215524 – The parameter block visibility problem in the print layout when the view report action is triggered has been resolved.

## Schedule

### Bug Fixes
{:#schedule-bug-fixes}

* \#213104 - Insert and update methods are now triggering properly, when respective CRUD actions takes place while using object datasource.
## XlsIO

### Bug fixes
{:#xlsio-bug-fixes}

* \#139653 - Issue with VLOOKUP formula while setting custom separators in German culture is fixed.
* \#204947 - Exception thrown while opening Excel document with duplicate attributes is resolved.
* \#211036 - Performance issue while converting chart with formulas to PDF is resolved.
* \#212300 - Null reference exception is no longer thrown while add copying the workbook with invalid sheet references.
* \#212300 - File corruption issue while copying a range having named range formula referring to External workbook is resolved.
* \#213242 - Chart default axis title area text settings and text box properties are now cloned properly in XlsIO.
* \#213274 - `StandardHeight` is now properly set for XlsIO generated Excel documents.
* \#213608 - Incorrect `RichText` format while saving the Excel document is fixed.
* \#213658 - Null reference exception thrown while getting `ListOfValues` property of Data Validation is fixed
* \#213658 - `NumberFormatSettings` returning null value while accessing particular range is fixed.
* \#213658 - Issue with `FirstFormula` property of Data Validation in binary Excel files is fixed.
* \#213819 - `DeleteColumn` method works properly for CSV file.
* \#214098 - Issue in setting Maximum labels count for chart numeric axis in chart to image conversion is fixed.
* \#214495 - Issue with slicer getting removed on saving the file in Excel 2007 version is fixed.
* \#214638 - Excel file with incorrect anchor type for shapes is resaved properly without any corruption.
* \#214638 - Excel file with text box is resaved properly in Excel 2007 version without any corruption
* \#214879 - Exception thrown while parsing the named range formula without worksheet reference is resolved.
* \#214895 - Alignment issue in Excel to PDF conversion for cells with conditional formats applied is fixed.
* \#214915 - Enabling `WrapText` property will no longer throw exception during `BeginUpdate()`.
* \#214924 - Excel file with conditional formats is resaved properly without any corruption.
* \#215001 - Issue with horizontal alignment for textbox is resolved.
* \#215030 - Null reference exception thrown on casting chart data label as text area on parsing Excel file is fixed.
* \#215185 - Text box color and macro link are properly resaved in the Excel document.
* \#215197 - Issue with changing legend position from manual layout is fixed.
* \#215350 - Special characters (Ampersand and less-than symbols) can be used in `HTMLString` property without any exception.
* \#215591 - Issue with copying borders in merged cells is fixed.
* \#215649 - Date format is now preserved properly when creating Excel from data table.
* \#215896 - ArgumentException thrown while converting Excel file having background color set for text box to PDF is fixed.
* \#216094 - ArgumentException thrown while assigning "/" as cell value is fixed.
* \#216187,* \#214895 - Performance issue while inserting rows is resolved.
* \#216305 - `AutoFitColumn` now works properly for currency values.
* \#217511 - Object reference exception thrown while converting Excel file with icon set in conditional formats to PDF is fixed.
* ArgumentException thrown while accessing used range having styles alone is fixed.
* Border set to a cell through `BordersAround` method is now applied properly.
* Unhandled exception thrown while opening an Excel file with duplicate shape attribute is fixed.
