---
title : Essential Studio for ASP.NET 2018 Volume 1 Service Pack 1 Release Notes
description : Essential Studio for ASP.NET 2018 Volume 1 Service Pack 1 Release Notes
platform : aspnet
documentation: ug
---

# Essential Studio for ASP.NET Release Notes

{% include release-info.html date=site.releasedate.2018_vol_1_SP1  version="v16.1.0.32" %} 





## Common

### Bug Fixes 
{:#common-bug-fixes}

* \#197558 - Valid ID attributes are now generated for our controls.
## Chart

### Bug fixes
{:#ejchart-bug-fixes}
* \#196980 - Assigning the [`interval`](https://help.syncfusion.com/api/js/ejchart#members:primaryxaxis-range-interval) in `dateTimeCategory` axis is now working properly.
* \#197919 - [`enableWrap`](https://help.syncfusion.com/api/js/ejchart#members:series-marker-datalabel-enablewrap) option in `data label` is now working properly for accumulation series.
* \#197819 - Now, [`tooltip`](https://help.syncfusion.com/api/js/ejchart#members:series-tooltip) will be rendered properly for table elements.
* \#199607 - Now, [`zoom toolkit`](https://help.syncfusion.com/api/js/ejchart#members:zooming-toolbaritems) will be rendered properly while refreshing the chart.
* \#198412, 201293 - Now, chart will be rendered by using element’s both `id` and `class` names.
* \#199302 - [`Data labels`](https://help.syncfusion.com/api/js/ejchart#members:series-marker-datalabel) are now working properly without colliding each other in the accumulation series.
## DocIO

### Bug Fixes
{:#DocIO-bug-fixes}

* \#197282 - `ArgumentException` will be no longer thrown while parsing a particular RTF document.
* \#199294 - The character and paragraph properties inherited from source document default formats are now properly imported to destination document.
* \#197763 - Picture effects are now preserved properly while merging a cloned Word document for multiple times.
* \#196839 - Paragraph with "None" list style type is now preserved properly while parsing a HTML format document.
* \#201256, \#201364 - Field code is now serialized properly within “instrText” element while opening and saving DOCX format document.
* \#198450, \#198489 - `FormatException` will be no longer thrown while opening and saving a particular DOCX format document.
* \#198653 - `ArgumentOutOfRangeException` will be no longer thrown while updating fields in a particular Word document.
* \#200254 - `ArgumentOutOfRangeException` will be no longer thrown while parsing a particular DOCX format document.
* \#198360 - `IndexOutOfRangeException` will be no longer thrown while opening and saving a particular Word document.
* \#200327 - Formatting of contents within textbox is now preserved properly while converting a particular Word document as HTML.
* \#199782 - Font preservation issue has been resolved while converting a particular RTF document to Word document.
* \#199747 - No extra characters will be preserved while converting a Word document as RTF.
* \#198068 - Nested body contents are now preserved properly while parsing a particular Word document.
* \#195214 - Paragraph within nested table is now preserved properly while converting a particular Word document as PDF.
* \#195214 - Paragraph with `keep with next` property is now preserved properly while converting a particular Word document as PDF.
* \#195214 - Vertically merged cells are now preserved properly while converting a particular Word document as PDF.
* \#196520 - Fields with unknown type are now preserved properly while converting a particular Word document as PDF.
* \#196520, \#200771 - List numbering preservation issue has been resolved while converting a particular Word document as PDF.
* \#195214 - Table styles are now applied properly while converting a particular Word document as PDF.
* \#199166 - `ArgumentOutOfRangeException` will be no longer thrown while updating content control text for Word to PDF conversion.
* \#189615 - Shape flip style is now preserved properly while converting a particular Word document as PDF.
* \#198450 - Frames are now preserved properly while converting a particular Word document as PDF.
* \#199783 - Watermark image is now preserved properly in the converted PDF when `wash out` property of the watermark is disabled.
* \#198249 - TOC text color is now preserved properly while converting a particular Word document as PDF.
* \#189881 - Text alignment is now preserved properly while converting a particular Word document as PDF.
* \#199056 - Preservation issue due to wrapping text around textbox has been resolved while converting a particular Word document as PDF.
* \#198842 - Footnote preservation issue has been resolved while converting a particular Word document as PDF.
* \#197456 - `OutOfMemoryException` will be no longer thrown while converting a particular Word document as PDF.
* \#198675 - `NullReferenceException` will be no longer thrown while converting a particular Word document as PDF.
* \#197524 - Hanging issue has been resolved while converting a particular Word document as PDF.
* \#196443 - Extra page preservation issue has been resolved while converting a particular Word document as PDF.
* \#200936 - Oval shape preservation issue has been resolved while converting a particular Word document as PDF.

## DropDownList

### Bug Fixes

{:#dropdownlist-bug-fixes}

* \#199394 - SelectedIndex property is now works with manually cascaded dropdownlist from code behind.

## Gantt

### Features
{:#gantt-features}

* \#198401 - Now it is possible to enable/disable the automatic update of schedule date values in Gantt.
* \#198322 - The Gantt control now provides the support to filter column with multiple conditions dynamically.
* \#F135428 - The Gantt control now provides the support to update the data source dynamically in resource allocation view.


### Bug Fixes
{:#gantt-bug-fixes}

* \#200693 - Now the `RowSelected` event triggered properly on mouse click action.
* \#199049 - Issue with dependency tasks validation on manual taskbar editing has been fixed. 
* \#198369 - Auto focusing issues in Gantt on toolbar click action has been fixed.
* \#198543 - Task label overlapping issue in Gantt has been fixed.

## Grid


### Bug Fixes
{:#grid-bug-fixes}

*  \#199427 - Editing a record after filtering the column and again editing the record works fine.
*  \#190466 - Precision is applied properly when we Export the Grid in German culture.
## GroupButton

### Bug fixes
{:#ejgroupbutton-bug-fixes}

* \#200050 - Client-side events triggers properly in ejGroupButton.

## PDF

### Features
{:#pdf-features}

*	\#199403,197452 - Support for adding annotation to the PDF Layers is added.
*	\#93029,175644,190033,190937,194794,199329,198104 - Support for converting existing PDF document to PDF/A-1b document is added.

### Bug Fixes
{:#pdf-bug-fixes} 

*	\#198270 - Text preservation issue no longer occurs while converting XPS document to PDF.
*	\#200302 - Improved the performance when importing the pages from the existing PDF document.
*	\#200680 - Null reference exception no longer occurs when altering the page label of existing PDF document.
*	\#200527 - Null reference exception no longer occurs when loading a PDF document with open and repair.
*	\#200438 - Same key has already been added exception no longer occurs when loading particular PDF document.
* 	\#199711 - Null reference exception no longer occurs when importing named destinations from the PDF document.
*	\#198565 - Null reference exception no longer occurs when merging the particular PDF documents.
* 	\#197635 - `An error was encountered while retrieving page content` exception no longer occurs when adding watermark to the existing PDF document in Adobe Acrobat Pro DC.
*	\#199398 - URI value from `PdfLoadedUriAnnotation` is now preserving properly when retrieving the PDF document.
*	\#199159 - Null reference exception no longer occurs when importing the pages from the particular PDF document.
*	\#198936,198057 - Null reference exception no longer occurs when merging the particular PDF documents.
*	\#198683 - Performance has been increased when loading particular PDF document.
*	\#198249 - The inner EMF image is preserving properly while converting EMF to PDF.
*	\#198498 - Opacity is now properly applying to the flattened annotation.
*	\#198487 - Null reference exception no longer occurs when loading the particular PDF document.
*	\#198391 - Application crashing issue no longer occurs when performing OCR in multi-threading environment.
*	\#198281,198759 - Signature is now valid while adding digital signature to the PDF document in different time zones.
*	\#197917 - Null reference exception no longer occurs when drawing HTML text in the existing PDF document.
*	\#194851 - Improved the performance while closing the PDF document.
*	\#196766,198057,196766 - The document size is optimized when importing the page from the particular document.
*	\#197506 - The `CreateTemplate` method is now working properly in multi-threading environment.
*	\#197436 - `Argument out of range exception` no longer occurs when filling XFA document.
*	\#197077,198678 - `Cannot find the PDF catalog information` exception no longer occurs when loading the particular PDF document.
*	\#197123 - PDF form fields are now preserving properly when merging the PDF documents.
*	\#196643 - Improved the performance when loading the corrupted PDF documents.
*	\#196621 - Improved the performance when splitting a large PDF document.
*	\#195214 - Shapes are now preserving properly in PDF while converting EMF document to PDF.
*	\#194948 - Improved the performance when creating large PDF document with Hebrew text.
*	\#194156 - Image is now preserving properly while converting XPS document to PDF.
*	\#194018 - `ArgumentException` is no longer occurs when flattening a PDF document.
*	\#199712 - `OutOfMemoryException` no longer occurs when providing large input text to QR code.
*	\#199907 - The `PdfLoadedSignatureField` is now loading from the existing PDF document.
*	\#177819 - Text extraction is now preserving properly from the existing PDF document.


## PDF Viewer

### Features
{:#pdfviewer-features}

* \#194217 - The page break for each page will be maintained while printing in IE and MS Edge browsers using PDF viewer.
* \#196820 - The client buffering process of the PDF viewer will also support to render all the PDF pages in a single request.


### Bug Fixes
{:#pdfviewer-bug-fixes}

* \#200079 - The watermark texts in the provided PDF document are now rendered properly.
* \#200598 - Contents in the PDF document are now rendered properly while exporting the PDF document as images.
* \#200072 – ExtractImages API is working properly with the provided PDF document.
* \#197343 - Text content in the PDF document is now rendered properly in the PDF viewer.
* \#197884 - The pages of the provided PDF document will be exported as images properly.
* \#198840 - The table in the provided PDF document will be rendered properly in the PDF viewer.
* \#197614 - The label text appearing during the printing operation of the PDF viewer control will support localization.
* \#197613 - The file name of the PDF document will be passed in the AJAX response from the server instead of full file path in the PDF viewer.
* \#197881 - Transparency of the text will be preserved properly in the PDF viewer.
* \#197886 - Contents in the PDF Document are now rendered properly in the PDF viewer.
* \#197888 - Contents in the provided PDF document will not overlap when viewed in the PDF viewer.
* \#198047 - No exception will be thrown while exporting the PDF document as images.
* \#198151 - PDF viewer will now preserve the system fonts properly while rendering the text contents.
* \#195648 - Horizontal Scrollbar does not appear on resizing the browser window.



## Presentation

### Bug Fixes
{:#presentation-bug-fixes}
* \#198361 - Images are now preserved properly while performing clone and merge in PowerPoint presentation.
* \#199566 - The URL associated with a hyperlink is now preserved properly while re-saving the PowerPoint presentation.
* \#199259 - Application will no longer hang while re-saving the PowerPoint presentation with SmartArt diagrams.
* \#196810 - PowerPoint presentation is no more corrupted while applying slide formatting options.
* \#199260 - `NullReferenceException` is no more thrown while converting a Presentation slide to image.
## Schedule

### Breaking changes
{:#schedule-breaking-changes}

* Revamped the timezone functionality to update the appointments in DB with zero UTC and also to fetch and render the appointments in proper duration. Regarding this, the existing users need to make two specific changes from their application end –
    a. Explicitly converting the start and end time of appointments to universal time before updating to database.
    b. Also, converting start and end time to local time during appointments fetch up from database and assigning to Schedule dataSource.
## TreeGrid

### Features
{:#treegrid-features}

* \#198322 - The TreeGrid control now provides the support to filter column with multiple conditions dynamically.
* \#195738 - Now it is possible to customize the detail template column width in TreeGrid.

### Bug Fixes
{:#treegrid-bug-fixes}

* \#197718 - Issue with column validation on row add action has been fixed.
* \#197216 – Alignment issue in frozen column with text wrap enabled mode has been fixed.


## XlsIO

### Features
{:#xlsio-features}
* Support is provided for Resize and Offset operations in IRange.

### Breaking Changes
{:#xlsio-breaking-changes}

* \#198134 - `FullFileName` property is added in `IWorkbook` interface.
* \#198663 , * \#198664 -` IRange` and `IWorkbook` interfaces are implemented with IEnumerable.
* `Resize()` and `Offset()` methods are added in ‘IRange’ interface.

### Bug fixes
{:#xlsio-bug-fixes}

* \#200525 - Corruption issue while removing last row in a table is fixed.
* \#200090 - Space preservation issue while resaving a binary (XLS) file to xml format (XLSX) is fixed.
* \#198853 - Incremental formula is set properly for formulas with sheet reference.
* \#198385 - Legend color is not set when applied for entire legend collection is fixed.
* \#198849 - Column styles will be moved properly while inserting column in a worksheet.
* \#198858 - File with macros can be saved successfully without any corruption.
* \#198898 - Excel file with external formula reference in data validation can be opened without any exception.
* \#198785 - Find values within range accepts `ExcelFindType.Values` without any exception.
* \#198289 - Performance issue while opening Excel file with data validation applied on large range is resolved.
* \#198385 - Issue with chart axis font color for binary file is fixed.
* \#158298 - Month and day columns in pivot table can be sorted properly.
* \#197892 - Text gets cropped on CSV to PDF conversion is fixed.
* \#195255 - Performance issue while closing the workbook is fixed.
* \#197896 - Filter icon visibility issue in merged column header is fixed.
* \#197903 - Number formats are preserved correctly without any addition of extra slashes.
* \#198277 - Exception raised while opening the Excel file with date cell type is resolved.
* \#197711 - Exception thrown while saving an XML file having default parent style index to XLSX format is resolved.
* \#135796 - Issue with border of text box shape in worksheet to image conversion is fixed.
* \#197433 - Issue with row height value when changing the system resolution is resolved.
* \#197691 - Issues with Doughnut chart explosion and category values in the data labels in chart to image conversion are fixed.
* \#197106 - Calculated field can be added to more than one pivot table without any file corruption.
* \#196836 - Object reference exception when worksheet has custom property set to null is resolved.
* \#196955 - Chart font color settings are applied properly in chart elements.
* \#158298 – Issue with pivot table field sorting when sort field items are less than the field item count is fixed.
* \#196737 - Worksheet header image can be replaced properly without any variation in image size.
* \#196116 - Image is rendered properly in Excel to PDF conversion when `ExportQualityImage` property of converter settings is set true.
* \#196502 - Exception while opening an excel fie with empty fill tag is resolved.
* \#191260 , * \#196173 - Used range is properly updated while layouting a pivot table.
* \#196117 - Issue with hyperlink added to a cell after adding shape hyperlink is fixed.
* \#195137 , * \#196893 - Column text contains DateTime formatted values instead of Date values is fixed.
* \#198849 - Cell data validation is removed properly while copying empty cells.
* Corruption issue is resolved while copying tables with same name by AddCopy().
* Performance issue while copying entire column to another range is resolved.
* Conditional formats are removed from destination range while copying is fixed.
* Worksheet unused columns are not collapsed in Google Sheets.
* Exception is no longer thrown while copying tables to existing table ranges.
* Issue with visibility of zero or negative size values for bubble chart data points in chart to image conversion is fixed.
* The data points are set with possible ways of on display blank as option in chart to image conversion.
* Exception while opening Excel file with DDE link formula is resolved.
* Fixed various issues in `CopyTo()` and `AddCopy()` of tables, formulae, ranges, shapes and worksheets.
* AutoShapes are not re-positioned properly after moving to same or different worksheet using `CopyTo()` is fixed.

