---
title: Essential Studio for ASP.NET 2019 volume 4 SP1 Release Notes  
description: Essential Studio for ASP.NET 2019 volume 4 SP1 Release Notes  
platform: aspnet
documentation: ug
---

# Essential Studio for ASP.NET  Release Notes  

{% include release-info.html date="January 30, 2020"  version="v17.4.0.46" %} 







## DocIO

### Features
{:#DocIO-features}

* \#17555, \#123036, \#130235, \#F117690, \#135953, \#136014, \#136677, \#139383, \#140946, \#143065, \#150226, \#157199, \#162767, \#162891, \#168515, \#168983, \#171073, \#178572, \#179473, \#183440, \#188778, \#189881, \#190783, \#191732, \#182319, \#198068, \#189881, \#202966, \#217393, \#230817, \#238068 - Automatically resizes the table to fit its content in DOCX to PDF conversion.

### Bug Fixes
{:#DocIO-bug-fixes}

* \#249887, \#257815 - The extra paragraph is now removed properly when replacing bookmark content by using the ReplaceBookmarkContent() method.
* \#257956 – The “ArgumentOutOfRangeException” will no longer be thrown while cloning picture in the Word document.
* \#257974 – Picture is now preserved properly when open and save the DOCX Word document.
* \#257472 - IF field is updated properly while calling updateDocumentFields() method.
* \#256459 - Frame is now preserved properly when open and save the DOCX Word document.
* \#255071 - Outline level for built-in heading styles are preserved properly while resaving the Word document.
* \#F142273 - The "NullReferenceException" will no longer be thrown while deleting bookmark content by using the DeleteBookmarkContent() method.
* \#255497 - Group shapes will be preserved properly when open and save the DOCX Word document.
* \#260062 - The "NullReferenceException" will no longer be thrown while calling the GetText() method.
* \#258741 - NumPages field is updated properly when using updateDocumentFields in the Word document.	
* \#258487 - Content control of type repeating section will be preserved properly when converting the Word document to PDF.
* \#252217 - Shape is now preserved properly when converting the Word document to PDF.
* \#257671 - Nested group shapes are now preserved properly when open and save the DOCX format Word document.
* \#257373 - Table is now preserved properly when converting the Word document to PDF.
* \#257135 - Track changes are now accepted properly while using the AcceptChanges() method.	
* \#255497 - Text spaces are now preserved properly when open and save the DOCX Word document.
* \#256481 - The "NullReferenceException" will no longer be thrown when converting a Word document to PDF.
* \#F145154 - Bookmark is now preserved properly while removing table column in the Word document.
* \#F144828 - The "NullReferenceException" will no longer be thrown while replacing bookmark content by using the ReplaceBookmarkContent() method.
* \#257975 - Text box is now aligned properly while converting a Word document to PDF.
* \#256459, \#256303 - Improved the stability of Word to tagged PDF conversion.
* \#199319 - Improved the stability by resolving a possible **NullReferenceException** occurred in Word to PDF conversion.
* \#258741 - Page field is updated properly while updating fields from RTF document.
* \#258247 - Hyperlink is now preserved properly while converting a Word document to PDF.
* \#256602, \#255237 - Text box is now preserved properly while converting a Word document to PDF.
* \#255040, \#F149824 - Picture is now preserved properly while converting a Word document to PDF.
* \#257983, \#256602 - Hanging issue has been resolved while converting a Word document to PDF.
* \#257373 - Text is now aligned properly while converting a Word document to PDF.
* \#252217 - Tab is now preserved properly in the generated PDF.
* \#256836 - Image is now preserved properly while converting a Word document to Image.
* \#256459 - Frame is now preserved properly while converting a Word document to PDF.
* \#255462 - Header is now preserved properly while converting a Word document to PDF.
* \#255071 - The **IndexOutOfRangeException** will no longer be thrown while converting a Word document to PDF.
* \#256504, \#258239 - The **NullReferenceException** will no longer be thrown while converting a Word document to PDF.

## PDF

### Bug Fixes
{:#PDF-bug-fixes}

* \#257443 – PDF page size will be preserved properly when appending two documents with different page size.
* \#256504 – Word to PDF conversion will be working properly with particular document. 
* \#257413 – The `NullReferenceException` no longer occurs while enabling LTV for store certificates. 
* \#257673 – The `FileNotFoundException` no longer occurs with XmlSerializer on XPS to PDF conversion. 
* \#259787 – `PdfAnnotation` will be flattened with proper borders.
* \#259394 – `PdfInkAnnotation` will be flattened properly. 
* \#256196 – The `OutOfMemoryException` no longer occurs while saving a large PDF document.
* \#256196 – Performance of remove layer functionality is optimized now. 
* \#257531 – Layers will be removed properly in PDF documents. 
* \#136014 – Paragraph inside the table cell will be preserved properly in Word to PDF conversion. 
* \#257210, \#257811 – Meta file (EMF) will be rendered properly in `PdfDocument`. 
* \#255677, \#257428 – EMF files will be rendered properly in `PdfDocument` on .NET Core 3.0.
* \#260424 – The `NullReferenceException` no longer occurs while saving a PDF document multiple times. 
* \#252711 – Image will be preserved properly while drawing it to PDF document. 
* \#255550 – The `EndOfStreamException` no longer occurs while drawing image to PDF document. 
* \#260117 – `PdfUriAnnotation` will be preserved properly with provided string format in `PdfGrid`.
* \#251733 – `PdfCodeUPCBarcode` will be preserved properly with provided dimension. 
* \#258668 – PDF to PDF A1B converted document will be opened properly in PDF readers without any issue.
* \#257221 – `PdfTextBoxField` will be preserved properly with `AutoFontSize` and Multiline options.
* \#256614 – `BackColor` will be preserved properly in PDF 2D barcodes. 
* \#255136 – The `DateTimeInvalidLocalFormat` exception no longer occurs when creating a PDF A document.  
* \#F144285 – `PdfSignature` appearance will be preserved properly based on the page rotation. 

## PdfViewer

### Bug Fixes
{:#pdfviewer-bug-fixes}

* \#257306 - No exception will be thrown on unloading the PDF document from PDF Viewer.


## PivotClient

### Bug Fixes
{:#pivotclient-bug-fixes}

* `#253979` – Now the search operation in the member editor can be performed for expanded nodes as well.
## Presentation

### Bug Fixes
{:#Presentation-bug-fixes}

* \#257963 - The **NullReferenceException** will no longer be thrown while cloning a PowerPoint slide with hyperlink.
* The **ArgumentException** will no longer be thrown while setting an invalid link or path as hyperlink.

## XlsIO

### Bug Fixes
{:#xlsio-bug-fixes}

* \#255791 - CJK characters are now properly rendered while converting an Excel document into PDF.
* \#257403 - Cells in the Excel output are properly formatted when importing POCO with nullable fields.
* \#255064 - Performance issue while refreshing a query table is fixed.
* \#256142 - Shapes are positioned properly after hiding the rows.
* \#250406 - Exception will no longer be thrown on parsing the named range.
* \#245527 - Accounting format is now set properly for the cell when number is set to 0.0.
* \#257296 - Creating a chart with double values in German culture no longer gives corrupted output.
* \#257771 - Conditional formatting formula is now set properly for XLSX versions.
* \#257476 - Exception is no longer raised while opening the Excel document with large number of rows and columns.
* \#257356 - Exception is no longer thrown while copying the worksheet using `AddCopy()` method with `ParseOnDemand` option.
* \#258536 - Formatting in output file is now proper while copying all the worksheets to another workbook using `AddCopy()` method.
* \#258419 - Page break is now correct when page setup has FitToPage in Excel to PDF conversion.
* \#255317 - RTF alignment is now proper in text boxes.
* \#249446 - Page content is no longer cropped while converting the Excel document into PDF with custom scaling.
* \#259825 - Table style options are now preserved properly while resaving the Excel document.
* \#258600 – XlsIO generated HTML files are now showing properly in Microsoft Edge browser.
* \#252205 - Column width is now preserved properly in Excel to PDF conversion.
* \#258534 – Excel file will no longer hang on parsing conditional formats.
* \#258419 - Borders are now preserved properly in Excel to PDF conversion when different line styles are applied in the same cell.
* \#258722 - The issue with Font size that is getting changed while copying the worksheet is fixed.
* \#255781 - Excel file is no longer corrupted when resaving the document with extension list.
* \#257358 - Issue with applying the tabular row layout to pivot fields layout is fixed.
* \#260561 - Refer to range no longer throws exception after getting display text.
* \#250513 - Performance of opening the XLS file with comments is improved.
* \#258419 - Custom scaling is now proper in Excel to PDF conversion.
* \#F149527 - Conditional format is now preserved properly in the newly added worksheet when saving the workbook twice.
* \#F149617 - Vertical page break for Arial font is now correct in Excel to PDF conversion.
* Issue with incorrect cell value in Excel to PDF conversion is fixed.
* Starting page number is now correct in Excel to PDF conversion.
* Split text starting position is now correct in Excel to PDF conversion.
* AutoShape border is rendered properly in Excel to PDF conversion.
* Shape text is now proper in Excel to PDF conversion.
* Conditional format icon for discontinuous ranges is now proper in Excel to PDF conversion.
* White font color for cells is now applied properly in Excel to PDF conversion.
* Textbox fill and border colors are now preserved properly while resaving the Excel document.
* Range intersection works properly for the entire row and column.
* Conditional format icon is now proper for negative cell values in Excel to PDF conversion.
* CF number format is properly applied in Excel to PDF conversion.
* Strike through is properly applied for header in Excel to PDF conversion.
* Excel file having conditional format with negative priority is now properly converted to PDF.
* Shrink to fit is now working for numbers in Excel to PDF conversion.

