---
title: Essential Studio for ASP.NET Weekly NuGet Release Release Notes  
description: Essential Studio for ASP.NET Weekly NuGet Release Release Notes  
platform: aspnet
documentation: ug
---

# Essential Studio for ASP.NET  Release Notes  

{% include release-info.html date="December 03, 2019"  version="v17.3.0.30" %} 






## DocIO

No Changes for this product in this version.

[//]: # "Delete the contents of this file while new content is added."

## pdf

### Bug Fixes
{:#PDF-bug-fixes}

* \#255336 - PDF document's meta data will be visible to the search engine when using 256 bit encryption. 

## Presentation

No Changes for this product in this version.

[//]: # "Delete the contents of this file while new content is added."

## XlsIO

### Bug Fixes
{:#xlsio-bug-fixes}

* \#251321 - Exception is no longer thrown while converting Excel document with large range as print title.
* \#250406 - `XmlException` is no longer thrown on parsing the Excel workbook.
* \#252776 - Add copying the worksheet with `ParseOnDemand` option no longer hides the columns in the saved Excel document.
* \#254666 - Transparency is now set properly for AutoShapes.
* \#251345 - Text is no longer cropped when the length exceeds the cell width in Excel to PDF conversion.
* \#250406 - Exception is no longer thrown on parsing the cell style name with empty name or name length greater than 255.
* \#254623 - External data properties are now preserved properly while resaving the Excel document.
* \#253078 - Excel file is no longer corrupted while copying worksheets with more number formats from different workbooks.
* \#255064 - Timeout exception is no longer thrown while refreshing the query table.
* \#F148410 - Japanese characters are now rendered properly in Excel to PDF conversion.
* Conditional format is now applied properly while using different case for text in Excel to PDF conversion.
* Error display text is now proper in Excel to PDF conversion.
