---
title: Essential Studio for ASP.NET 2019 volume 2 SP1 Release Notes  
description: Essential Studio for ASP.NET 2019 volume 2 SP1 Release Notes  
platform: aspnet
documentation: ug
---

# Essential Studio for ASP.NET  Release Notes  

{% include release-info.html date="August 22, 2019"  version="v17.2.0.46" %} 







## DocIO

### Bug Fixes
{:#DocIO-bug-fixes}

* \#241691 - The ArgumentOutOfRangeException will no longer be thrown while opening a DOC format Word document.
* \#240393 - Line numbers are now preserved properly when resaving the Word document.
* \#242018 - Text encoding issue has been resolved while opening a RTF format Word document.
* \#241885 - Line spacing is now preserved properly while converting a Word document into HTML.
* \#F143774 - Paragraphs are now preserved properly while performing horizontal cell merge in a Word document.
* \#241475 - Nested IF field result is now preserved properly while converting a Word document as a Text file.
List value is now updated properly when converting a Word document to HTML.
* \#237339 - ActualFormatType is now considered as DOCX when creating a new Word document from scratch.
* \#239792 - Character format is applied properly in Inline content control while opening Word document.
* \#239895 - The NullReferenceException will no longer be thrown when updating the fields in the Word document.
* \#239579 - Text border is preserved properly when converting HTML to Word document.
* \#238722 - Character format is applied properly while updating document fields.
* \#F143772 - Nested bookmark is now preserved properly while opening a DOC format Word document.
* \#225399, \#220198, \#209881, \#209466, \#204167 - RTL text alignment and indent issues has been resolved while converting a Word document to PDF.
* \#242278, \#241397, \#240195, \#240030, \#239658, \#238960, \#238709, \#238528, \#237804 - Hanging issue has been resolved while converting a Word document to PDF.
* \#243412 - Tab leader is now preserved properly while converting a Word document to PDF.
* \#239746, \#238528 - Text is now preserved properly while converting a Word document to PDF.
* \#226594 - Underline is now preserved properly while converting a Word document to PDF in fast rendering.
* \#242601 - Font is now preserved properly while converting a Word document to PDF.
* \#242252 - TOC text color is now drawn properly while converting a Word document to PDF.
* \#239895, \#240393, \#226352 - Paragraph is now preserved properly while converting a Word document to PDF.
* \#230817, \#240393 - Shape is now preserved properly while converting a Word document to PDF.
* \#240393 - Spacing issue has been resolved while converting a Word document to PDF.
* \#238528 - Blank page preservation issue has been resolved while converting a Word document to PDF.
* \#238528 - Table is now preserved properly while converting a Word document to PDF.
* \#240393, \#239828 - The **IndexOutOfRangeException** will no longer be thrown while converting the Word document to PDF.
* \#239439 - Vertical text fill color is now drawn properly while converting a Word document to PDF.
* \#237804 - Tab is now preserved properly while converting a Word document to PDF.
* \#239439 - Text box is now preserved properly while converting a Word document to PDF.
* \#238072 - Horizontally merged table cell border is now preserved properly while converting a Word document to PDF.

## PDF

### Bug Fixes
{:#PDF-bug-fixes}

* \#240456 – The `NullReferenceException` will no longer be thrown when merging the particular documents.  
* \#241481 – Free text annotation will no longer return invalid text.  
* \#242049 – `PdfAnnotation` will be cleared properly while removing the annotations.  
* \#238304 – Font name will be retrieved properly from the `PdfLoadedAnnotation`.  
* \#239222, \#239219 – Radio button page will be null if it is not added in the page.  
* \#238725 – Inserting long text in `PdfLightTable` cell works properly.  
* \#238603 – 3D annotations will be rendered properly with different `Pdf3DRendermode`.  
* \#238517 – `PdfFreeTextAnnotation` color will be preserved properly.  
* \#242310 – Signature information will be rendered properly when applying security.  
* \#244368 – Radio button will be added to the existing PDF documents.  
* \#242644 – Symbols will be encoded properly in Code 39 Extended and Code 93 Extended barcodes. 
* \#242717 – `PdfLayoutResult` will return proper bounds when enabling auto tag.  
* \#243273 – Radio button field will be flattened properly in all PDF pages.  
* \#242335 – Text will be rendered properly when filling and flattening text with right alignment. 
* \#241159 – Code 32 barcode is now preserved properly for the input text containing zero.  
* \#238715 – Text will be rendered properly when converting a particular Word document to PDF.  
* \#241580 – Tilling brush will be rendered in proper location on XPS to PDF conversion.  
* \#241002 – The PDF document will no longer be corrupted when converting EMF to PDF. 
* \#238709 – System out of memory exception will no longer be thrown when converting a Word document to PDF.
* \#F145476 – Content inside the child grid will be wrapped properly.  
* \#F145826 – Barcode will be generated properly with `PdfCode93Barcode`.
* Underline will no longer be added for trailing white spaces when drawing text.  
* Fore color will be retrieved properly from the text box field.  
* `PdfSignatureField` name will be preserved properly.  
* Font size of the form field will be calculated based on the field size. 
## PdfViewer

### Bug Fixes
{:#pdfviewer-bug-fixes}

* \#240707 - PDF Viewer form filling is now working properly in mobile devices.
* \#240051 - Now, the combo Box font size is maintained properly during magnification.
* \#238989 - Now, the signatureAdd Event is triggered after drawing the hand-written signature in the page.
* \#239222 - Now, the extra radio button field is not rendered in the PDF page.
## Presentation

### Bug Fixes
{:#Presentation-bug-fixes}

* \#F145117 - Font size will be applied properly for second paragraph of table cell.
* \#243282 - Images are now preserved properly while performing clone and merge in PowerPoint presentation.
## Spreadsheet

### Features
{:#spreadsheet-features}

* Provided export support for custom format ("m/d/yyyy h:mm:ss tt").
* Provided custom format("(#,##0);#,##0") support.

## XlsIO

### Bug Fixes
{:#xlsio-bug-fixes}

* \#230042, \#231663 - Number and date time values are now rendered properly in Excel to PDF conversion.
* \#237114, \#237576 - Line shapes are now rendered properly when converting Excel to PDF.
* \#240083 - Number alignment is now proper in Excel to PDF conversion.
* \#235971 - Chart series type is now preserved properly while saving the workbook with combination chart.
* \#240200 - Pivot table background color is now preserved properly while resaving the Excel document.
* \#240677 - Pivot chart is now preserved properly while resaving the Excel document.
* \#240083 - Chart data points will no longer be missed when converting Excel to PDF.
* \#239969 - Argument exception will no longer be thrown on opening the Excel file containing external workbook.
* \#230937 - Excel document is now converted properly while using the `OFFSET` function.
* \#236370 - DateTime value is now returned correctly in UK culture.
* \#238322 - Pivot table row header is now preserved properly when converting Excel to PDF.
* \#236131 - PivotTable will no longer be crashed on refreshing the resaved Excel file.
* \#239384 - Performance delay will no longer occur while resaving the Excel document.
* \#237809 - Conditional format formula for specific text is now updated properly while copying cells.
* \#236873 - `DisplayText` is now returned correctly when accessing the date time using formula with DDDD number format.
* \#238626 - Creating table with invalid table name will throw an exception.
* \#236136 - `PercentOfParent` option is now set correctly while creating a pivot table.
* \#237114 - AutoShape text is now rendered properly when converting Excel to PDF.
* \#239217 - Cell text with lesser than and greater than symbols are now preserved properly when converting the worksheet to HTML.
* \#236197 - Time value is now set correctly for 1904 enabled workbook.
* \#241751 - Checkboxes are now checked properly after resaving the Excel document.
* \#238322 - Grand totals of rows and columns are now preserved properly in Excel to PDF conversion.
* \#241336 - Excel document containing conditional formats will no longer be corrupted on inserting a row.
* \#237235 - Legend is now preserved properly on setting custom data label.
* \#240083 - Chart data point will no longer be missed when converting Excel to PDF.
* \#242245 - Performance has been improved while opening the SpreadsheetXML file.
* \#241403 - Vertical text alignment now works properly in Excel to PDF conversion.
* \#242613 - Japanese characters are now preserved properly in Excel to PDF conversion.
* \#242913 - Font name and font size will no longer be changed while opening the Excel document.
* \#244193 - Exception will no longer be thrown on converting the Excel document with date time to PDF.
* \#239659 - Checkbox when removed is now preserved properly.
* \#F144906 - Active worksheet is now unselected when multiple worksheets are selected in the Excel file.
* \#F145816 - Exception will no longer be thrown on saving the workbook after invoking `IApplication.IsSupported()` method.
* Exception will no longer be thrown when getting intersect range from invalid named ranges.
* Saving the input document as xlsx file after saving it as xml document will no longer be corrupted.
* `CalcEngine` will no longer be reinitialized after performing Excel to PDF conversion.
* Legend text color is now preserved properly on saving the Excel document.
* Chart is now preserved properly on copying the worksheet using the `AddCopy()` method.
* Output Excel file will no longer be corrupted when an empty pivot table is updated with data and saved using XlsIO.
* Exception will no longer be thrown while using named range for page setup in XlsIO.
* Formula is now correct on resaving the Excel document containing formula with external workbook reference.
