---
title: Essential Studio for ASP.NET Weekly NuGet Release Release Notes  
description: Essential Studio for ASP.NET Weekly NuGet Release Release Notes  
platform: aspnet
documentation: ug
---

# Essential Studio for ASP.NET  Release Notes  

{% include release-info.html date="November 26, 2019"  version="v17.3.0.29" %} 






## DocIO

No Changes for this product in this version.

[//]: # "Delete the contents of this file while new content is added."

## pdf

No Changes for this product in this version.

[//]: # "Delete the contents of this file while new content is added."

## Presentation

### Bug Fixes
{:#Presentation-bug-fixes}

* \#251612 - The NullReferenceException will no longer be thrown while saving the PowerPoint presentation.
* \#251850 - RTL text will be preserved properly while converting a PowerPoint Presentation to PDF.
* \#251849 - Parenthesis will be preserved properly while converting a PowerPoint presentation to PDF.
## XlsIO

### Bug Fixes
{:#xlsio-bug-fixes}

* \#253221 - Arabic text is now rendered properly in Excel to PDF conversion.
* \#253074 - Rotated text is now rendered properly in worksheet to image conversion.
* \#251343 - Exception is no longer thrown while converting the Excel document into PDF with scatter line chart. 
* \#251914 - Textbox background color is now preserved properly in Excel to PDF conversion.
* \#251498 - Charts in Excel to PDF converted documents are now visible in PDF XChange Editor.
* \#252776 - Styles are preserved properly while add copying worksheets with `ParseOnDemand` option.
* Table named ranges are now added properly to the workbook named range collection.
