---
title: Essential Studio for ASP.NET 2019 volume 3 SP1 Release Notes  
description: Essential Studio for ASP.NET 2019 volume 3 SP1 Release Notes  
platform: aspnet
documentation: ug
---

# Essential Studio for ASP.NET  Release Notes  

{% include release-info.html date="November 05, 2019"  version="v17.3.0.26" %} 






## DocIO

### Bug Fixes
{:#DocIO-bug-fixes}

* \#245828 - Exception is no longer thrown while saving a Word document (DOCX) with invalid XML characters.
* \#247034 - Watermark is now preserved properly while opening and saving a Word document (DOC).
* \#246022 - The list value is now preserved properly while opening and saving a Word document with track changes enabled.
* \#239792 - Text mapped to a content control is now preserved properly.
* \#248024 - Text associated with field inside a bookmark is now retrieved properly from a Word document using `GetBookmarkContent` method.
* \#248402 - File is no longer corrupted while opening and saving a Word document (DOCX) with group shape.
* \#248400 - File is no longer corrupted while opening and saving a Word document (DOCX) with image referred inside SmartArt.
* \#249158 - Hanging issue has been resolved while opening a Word document.
* \#250042 - Styles are now properly listed in the style gallery of Microsoft Word application, after opening and saving the Word document using DocIO.
* \#250466, \#F147804 - Image hyperlink with invalid image is now preserved properly while opening and saving a Word document (DOCX).
* \#250993 - Exception is no longer thrown while reading grid before and grid after properties of a table row.
* \#250408, \#253433, \#251662, \#247556 - Exception is no longer thrown while opening a Word document (DOCX) with group shape.
* \#247383, \#F148303 - Exception is no longer thrown while cloning a Word document (DOCX) with group shape.
* \#F148303 - Find and replace text is now working for text inside a group shape.
* \#248409 - Section break is now preserved properly in Word to EPUB conversion.
* \#251858 - Text in a rotated TextBox is now preserved properly while converting a Word document to PDF.
* \#250815 - Table cell is now preserved properly while converting a Word document to PDF.
* \#250550 - Footer content is now preserved properly while converting a Word document to PDF.
* \#249809 - Text is aligned properly while converting a Word document to PDF.
* \#249288, \#247991, \#251298, \#246790 - Table content is now preserved properly while converting a Word document to PDF.
* \#249004 - Border is now preserved properly while converting a Word document to PDF.
* \#249004 - Autofit textbox is now preserved properly while converting a Word document to PDF.
* \#247476 - The **NullReferenceException** will no longer be thrown while converting the Word document to PDF.
* \#247391 - Hanging issue has been resolved while converting a Word document to PDF.
* \#246790 - Blank page preservation issue has been resolved while converting a Word document to PDF.
* \#246771 - Header content is now preserved properly while converting a Word document to PDF.
* \#156982, \#249734 - Blank page is now preserved properly while converting a Word document to PDF.
* \#F148161 - The **ArgumentOutOfRangeException** will no longer be thrown while converting a Word document to PDF.
* Table cell border is now preserved properly in the converted PDF document at different zooming levels.
* Bookmark text is now preserved properly while converting a Word document to PDF.
* Table cell is now preserved properly while converting a Word document to PDF.
## pdf

### Bug Fixes
{:#PDF-bug-fixes}

* \#249332 – The `NullReferenceException` will no longer occur when getting destination of `PdfLoadedDocumentLinkAnnotation`. 
* \#251487 – Default document information from portfolio will be retrieved properly. 
* \#250869 – Performance of PDF to PDF A1B converter has been improved. 
* \#251103 – Merging will now preserve all the pages from source documents.
* \#249164 – Header style will be preserved properly in `PdfLightTable`. 
* \#250644, \#F147502 – Image will be preserved properly with signature appearance. 
* \#248130 – Exception will no longer occur while selecting the bookmark items from existing PDF document. 
* \#245556, \#252556 – Conformance will be validated properly in particular site for the created conformance document. 
* \#250878 – Exception will no longer occur while merging the particular document. 
* \#249822 – The `IndexOutOfRangeException` will no longer occur while adding digital signature to the document. 
* \#249904 – The `PdfInkAnnotation` will be preserved properly for two points. 
* \#251928 – Date format will be preserved properly while flattening the `XFA` form field. 
* \#250751 – Existing PDF document compression has been improved in file size. 
* \#252156 – Characters will be preserved properly in XPS to PDF conversion. 
* \#222803 – Lines will be preserved properly in EMF to PDF conversion.
* \#250380 – The `NullReferenceException` will no longer occur while importing pages from PDF document. 
* \#250294 – The PDF document will no longer corrupted while loading and saving in same memory stream.
* \#247373 – Form fields will be flattened properly while merging the PDF documents. 
* \#252063 – Images with color space will be preserved properly in PDF document. 

## Presentation

### Bug Fixes
{:#Presentation-bug-fixes}

* \#250068 - The **ArgumentException** will no longer be thrown while setting the column span as 1 for table cell.
* \#244971 - The PowerPoint presentation will no longer be corrupted while saving the document.
* \#250515, \#251340, \#251336 - The **NullReferenceException** will no longer be thrown while converting the PowerPoint to PDF.
## XlsIO

### Bug Fixes
{:#xlsio-bug-fixes}

* \#248627, \#249737 - `FormulaHidden` property now works properly while saving an Excel file in binary format.
* \#240237 - Diamond shape inside the text box is now preserved properly while resaving the Excel document.
* \#246292 - Exception is no longer thrown while loading the Excel file with duplicate hyperlink relation.
* \#246462 - Unicode languages are now rendered properly in Excel to PDF conversion.
* \#248378 - Super script is now rendered properly in Excel to PDF conversion.
* \#240237 - Text within the shapes are now arranged properly in Excel to PDF conversion.
* \#245763 - Performance issue in Excel to PDF conversion is now resolved.
* \#250058 - Table query fields are now updated properly when table range has more columns.
* \#251122 - Exception is no longer thrown on invoking `AutoFitColumn` for empty worksheet.
* \#249565 - Exception is no longer thrown while deleting and creating a table with the same name.
* \#250189 - Pivot table is now preserved properly in Excel to PDF conversion.
* \#249466 - Autofit row height is now proper for “Arial” fonts.
* \#249233 - `AutofitColumns` is now proper for wrap text applied cells.
* Exception is no longer thrown while saving the Excel document in CSV format.
* Rotation angle for the text in Text box is now proper in Excel to PDF conversion.
* Date format `m/d/yyyy h:mm` is now preserved properly in Excel to PDF conversion.
* AutoShape and TextBox are now preserved properly while resaving the Excel document and converting the same to PDF.
* Font name, size and color of the chart elements are no longer changed while cloning the workbook.
