---
title: Essential Studio for ASP.NET Weekly Nuget Release Release Notes  
description: Essential Studio for ASP.NET Weekly Nuget Release Release Notes  
platform: aspnet
documentation: ug
---

# Essential Studio for ASP.NET  Release Notes  

{% include release-info.html date="July 23, 2019"  version="v17.2.0.36" %} 






## XlsIO

### Bug Fixes
{:#xlsio-bug-fixes}

* \#237114, \#237576 - Line shapes are now rendered properly when converting Excel to PDF.
* \#230937 - Excel document is now converted properly while using the `OFFSET` function.
* \#236370 - DateTime value is now returned correctly in UK culture.
* \#238322 - Pivot table row header is now preserved properly when converting Excel to PDF.
* \#236131 - PivotTable will no longer be crashed on refreshing the resaved Excel file.
* \#239384 - Performance delay will no longer occur while resaving the Excel document.
* \#237809 - Conditional format formula for specific text is now updated properly while copying cells.
* \#236873 - `DisplayText` is now returned correctly when accessing the date time using formula with DDDD number format.
* \#238626 - Creating table with invalid table name will throw an exception.
* \#236136 - `PercentOfParent` option is now set correctly while creating a pivot table.
* \#237114 - AutoShape text is now rendered properly when converting Excel to PDF.
* \#239217 - Cell text with lesser than and greater than symbols are now preserved properly when converting the worksheet to HTML.
* \#236197 - Time value is now set correctly for 1904 enabled workbook.
* \#F144906 - Active worksheet is now unselected when multiple worksheets are selected in the Excel file.
* Exception will no longer be thrown when getting intersect range from invalid named ranges.
* Saving the input document as xlsx file after saving it as xml document will no longer be corrupted.
* `CalcEngine` will no longer be reinitialized after performing Excel to PDF conversion.
* Legend text color is now preserved properly on saving the Excel document.
* Chart is now preserved properly on copying the worksheet using the `AddCopy()` method.
* Output Excel file will no longer be corrupted when an empty pivot table is updated with data and saved using XlsIO.
* Exception will no longer be thrown while using named range for page setup in XlsIO.
