---
title: Essential Studio for ASP.NET Weekly Nuget Release Release Notes  
description: Essential Studio for ASP.NET Weekly Nuget Release Release Notes  
platform: aspnet
documentation: ug
---

# Essential Studio for ASP.NET  Release Notes  

{% include release-info.html date="January 07, 2020"  version="v17.4.0.41" %} 






## DocIO

### Bug Fixes
{:#DocIO-bug-fixes}

* \#255071 - Outline level for built-in heading styles are preserved properly while resaving the Word document.
* \#256459, \#256303 - Improved the stability of Word to tagged PDF conversion.
* \#256602 - Text box is now preserved properly while converting a Word document to PDF.
* \#258239 - The **NullReferenceException** will no longer be thrown while converting a Word document to PDF.
* \#255040 - Picture is now preserved properly while converting a Word document to PDF.
* \#257975 - Text box is now aligned properly while converting a Word document to PDF.
* \#257983 - Resolved the hanging issue occurred while converting a Word document to PDF.
* \#257373 - Text is now aligned properly while converting a Word document to PDF.
* \#252217 - Tab is now preserved properly while converting a Word document to PDF.
## pdf

No Changes for this product in this version.

[//]: # "Delete the contents of this file while new content is added."

## Presentation

No Changes for this product in this version.

[//]: # "Delete the contents of this file while new content is added."

## XlsIO

### Bug Fixes
{:#xlsio-bug-fixes}

* \#257296 - Creating a chart with double values in German culture no longer gives corrupted output.
* \#257771 - Conditional formatting formula is now set properly for XLSX versions.
* \#257476 - Exception is no longer raised while opening the Excel document with large number of rows and columns.
* \#257356 - Exception is no longer thrown while add copying the worksheet with `ParseOnDemand` option.
* \#258536 - Formatting in the output file is now proper while add copying all the worksheets to another workbook.
* \#258419 - Page break is now correct when page setup has FitToPage in Excel to PDF conversion.
* \#255317 - RTF alignment is now proper in text boxes.
* \#F149527 - Conditional format is now preserved properly in the newly added worksheet when saving the workbook twice.
* Starting page number is now correct in Excel to PDF conversion.
* Split text starting position is now correct in Excel to PDF conversion.
* AutoShape border is rendered properly in Excel to PDF conversion.
* Shape text is now proper in Excel to PDF conversion.
* Conditional format icon for discontinuous ranges is now proper in Excel to PDF conversion.
* White font color for cells is now applied properly in Excel to PDF conversion.
* Textbox fill and border colors are now preserved properly while resaving the Excel document.
* Range intersection works properly for the entire row and column.
* Conditional format icon is now proper for negative cell values in Excel to PDF conversion.
