---
title: Essential Studio for ASP.NET 2019 Volume 2 Main release Release Notes  
description: Essential Studio for ASP.NET 2019 Volume 2 Main release Release Notes  
platform: aspnet
documentation: ug
---

# Essential Studio for ASP.NET  Release Notes  

{% include release-info.html date="July 11, 2019"  version="v17.2.0.34" %} 






## DocIO

### Features
{:#DocIO-features}
* \#227695, \#144419, \#129497, \#F136030, \#118915 – Added group shapes support in DOCX to PDF conversion.
* \#227388 - New event has been added to customize clearing each unmerged merge fields during Mail merge.
* \#208057 - Added support for warnings to show unmatched merge fields and groups during Mail merge.
* \#209444 - API has been added to access the new instance (WPicture or WTextRange) to be replaced in Mail merge event arguments.
* \#208534 - API has been added to update the Word document fields while converting a Word document to PDF.
* \#222516,\#206993,\#204167,\#209466,\#212256,\#205172,\#209881,\#213951,\#224611,\#225399,\#236070,\#220198,\#205172 - RTL text rendering algorithm has been improved in Word to PDF conversion.

### Bug Fixes
{:#DocIO-bug-fixes}

* \#233421 - Empty paragraph preservation issue has been resolved while replacing text with table.
* \#232599 - The **ArgumentOutOfRangeException** will no longer be thrown while opening an RTF format document.
* \#231722 - HTML end tag is now preserved properly while converting a Word document to HTML format document.
* \#231594 - Dropdown form field is now preserved properly while converting an HTML to RTF format document.    
* \#225752,\#230460,\#230460 - Line space preservation issue has been resolved when updating the Word document fields.
* \#F142931 - The DocProperty value is now preserved properly while converting a Word document as PDF.    
* \#219214,\#228161 - Merge field is now properly updated while executing Nested Mail merge.
* \#233913 - Right to left text is now preserved properly in DOCX to DOCX conversion.
* \#232775 - Header and Footer contents are now preserved properly in XML to DOCX format conversion.
* \#232718 - The Content control text is now preserved properly in DOCX to Text format conversion.
* \#F143772 - Nested bookmark is now preserved properly while opening a DOC format Word document.
* \#F143774 - Table cell contents are now preserved properly while applying horizontal merge to the table.
* \#232505 - Font is now preserved properly while converting a Word document to PDF.
* \#232502 - Content is now preserved properly while converting an RTF to HTML format conversion.
* \#232265 - Spacing issue has been resolved while converting an HTML to DOCX format document.
* \#231592 - TOC content is now preserved properly while updating table of content in Word document.
* \#231721 - The **NullReferenceException** will no longer be thrown while converting a Word document to PDF.
* \#226490 - Corruption issue has been resolved while saving the DOCX format Word document.
* \#F143006 - Text is now preserved properly while replacing the bookmark content in DOC format document.
* \#228442 - Table alignment is now cloned properly while cloning the Word document.
* \#228370 - Table styles are now preserved properly while converting an HTML to DOCX format document.
* \#226490 - Corruption issue has been resolved while saving the DOC format Word document.
* \#230678, \#228611 - The **NullReferenceException** will no longer be thrown while converting a Word document to PDF.
* \#229685 - Table border is now preserved properly while converting a Word document to PDF.
* \#229738 - Text is now preserved properly while converting a Word document to PDF.
* \#231056 - Border is now preserved properly while converting a Word document to PDF.
* \#231712 – The **NullReferenceException** will be no longer thrown while updating fields in the Word document.
* \#231056 - Text overlapping issue has been resolved while converting a Word document to PDF.
* \#F142888, \#229094 - Table cell borders are now preserved properly while converting a Word document to PDF.
* \#228272 - Table border is now preserved properly while converting an RTF format document to PDF.
* \#227754 - Multiple TOC page numbers are updated properly while calling the UpdateTableOfContents method.
* \#231550 - Performance has been improved while converting a Word document to PDF.
* \#231426 - Hanging issue has been resolved while converting a Word document to PDF.
* \#229685 - Font is now embedded properly while converting a Word document to PDF.
* \#229891 - Hanging issue has been resolved while converting a Word document to PDF.
* \#228974 - Ref field result is now preserved properly while updating the Word document fields.
* \#228974 - Unknown field result is now preserved properly while updating the Word document fields.
* \#228968 - Hanging issue has been resolved while updating the Word document fields.
* \#231751 - Space is now preserved properly while converting a Word document to PDF.
* \#227429 - Border is now preserved properly while converting a Word document to PDF.
* \#228386 - Text with capital style is now preserved properly while converting a Word document to PDF.
* \#228319 - Page border is now preserved properly while converting a Word document to PDF.
* \#212671, \#212772, \#220859, \#230072, \#232381 - List style name is now updated properly while opening and saving a Word document.
* \#228049- Image position is now preserved properly while saving an RTF format Word document.
* \#231842- Content control text formatting is now preserved properly while parsing DOCX document.
* \#234841 - Watermark is now preserved properly while opening a DOC format Word document.
* \#235667 - Data inside the table is now preserved properly while updating alternate chunks in a Word document.	
* \#231056 – IF field text is now preserved properly while converting a Word document to PDF. 
* \#231677 - Image is now preserved properly while saving a Word document.
* \#228049 - Table left indent value is now preserved properly while opening an RTF document.	
* \#234817 - Text color is now preserved properly while resaving a Word document.
* \#234270 - Content control text is now preserved properly while converting a Word document to PDF.
* \#234335 - Table preservation issue has been resolved while opening and saving a Word document.
* \#228049 - Header and Footer distance is now preserved properly while saving an RTF format Word document.
* \#231431 - The **System.OverFlowException** will no longer be thrown while saving a DOCX format Word document.
* \#234971 - Table cells are now preserved properly while converting a Word document to Image.
* \#234698 - The **ArgumentOutOfRangeException** will no longer be thrown while converting a Word document to PDF.
* \#234693 - Hanging issue has been resolved while converting a Word document to PDF.
* \#233642 - The **NullReferenceException** will no longer be thrown while converting an RTF to PDF.
* \#231056 - Spacing issue has been resolved while converting a Word document to PDF
* \#230817 - Table cell is now preserved properly while converting a Word document to PDF.
* \#232331 - Shape is now preserved properly while converting a Word document to PDF.
* \#234841 - Tab is now preserved properly while converting a Word document to PDF.
* \#234972 - Table is now preserved properly while converting a Word document to PDF.
* \#234972 - Pagination issue has been resolved while converting a Word document to PDF.
* \#234841 - Table is now preserved properly while converting a Word document to PDF.
* \#233810 - Text is now aligned properly while converting a Word document to PDF.
* \#233810 - Picture is now preserved properly while converting a Word document to PDF.
* \#232331 - Text is now preserved properly while converting a Word document to PDF.
* \#232770 - The **NullReferenceException** will no longer be thrown while converting a Word document to PDF.
* \#229546 - Text is now preserved properly while converting a Word document to PDF.
* \#231056 - Spacing issue has been resolved while converting a Word document to PDF.
* \#234409 - Frame content is now preserved properly while converting a Word document to PDF.
* \#236156 - Pagination issue has been resolved while converting a Word document to PDF.
* \#236611 - Footnote is now preserved properly while converting a Word document to PDF.
* \#236070 - Parentheses are now preserved properly while converting a Word document to PDF.
* \#236156 - Hanging issue has been resolved while converting a Word document to PDF.
* \#235770 - Checkbox symbol is now preserved properly while converting a Word document to PDF.
* \#233383 - Memory usage is now optimized while converting a Word document to PDF with Chinese text.
* \#234978 - Table is now preserved properly while converting a Word document to Image.
* \#228049 - Text alignment is now preserved properly on RTF to RTF conversion.
* \#227205, \#225752 - IF field’s field result is now preserved properly while updating the Word document fields.
* \#228049 - Text font size is now preserved properly on RTF to RTF conversion.
* \#F142273, \#F143006 - Bookmark contents are now removed properly when deleting the bookmark content.
* \#234089 - The **NullReferenceException** will no longer be thrown while applying list style to the paragraph using ApplyStyle API.
* \#236762 - The **IndexOutOfRangeException** will no longer be thrown while opening an RTF format Word document.
* \#236762 - The **ArgumentOutOfRangeException** will no longer be thrown while opening an RTF format Word document.
* \#236305 - Paragraph left indent is now preserved properly while converting a Word document to HTML.
* \#236840 - The **IndexOutOfRangeException** will no longer be thrown while opening a Word document.
* \#236840 - Document corruption issue has been resolved while saving the DOCX format Word document.
* \#F145154 - Bookmark is now preserved properly while removing table column.
* \#236840 - List value is now preserved properly while converting a Word document to PDF.
* \#234978 - Table splitting issue has been resolved while converting a Word document to PDF with x86 target platform.
* \#237447 - Vertically merged cell border is now preserved properly while converting a Word document to PDF.
* \#237065 - Field text is now preserved properly while converting a Word document to PDF.
* \#234978 - Table is now preserved properly while converting a Word document to Image.
* \#231056 - Text is now aligned properly while converting a Word document to PDF.
* \#231056 - Symbol is now preserved properly while converting a Word document to PDF.
* \#231056 - Spacing issue has been resolved while converting a Word document to PDF.
* \#233059 - Paragraph is now preserved properly while converting a Word document to PDF.
* \#236740 - Hanging issue has been resolved while converting a Word document to PDF.
* \#236740 - Page is now preserved properly while converting a Word document to PDF.
* \#236740 - Hanging issue has been resolved while converting a Word document to PDF.
* \#231426 - Footnote content is now preserved properly while converting a Word document to PDF.
* \#229891 - Table is now aligned properly while converting an RTF document to PDF.
* \#221035 - Hanging issue has been resolved while converting a Word document to PDF.
* \#234243 - Text is now preserved properly while converting a Word document to PDF.
* \#236840 - Text color is now preserved properly while converting a Word document to PDF.
* \#237506, \#240389 - Horizontally merged table cell border is now preserved properly while converting a Word document to PDF.
* \#236840 - Paragraph background color is now preserved properly while converting a Word document to PDF.
* \#230513 - The **NullReferenceException** will no longer be thrown while opening the RTF format Word document.
## PDF

### Features
{:#pdf-features}

*	\#230886 - Added support for trailer ID in both new and existing PDF documents.
*	Added support for adding PDF annotation comments and reviews.
*	\#225704 - Added support for creating PDF 2.0 documents.
*	\#141255, \#226165 - Added save progress support for an existing PDF document.
*	\#235204 - Added PDF light table column width proportional sizing support.

### Bug Fixes
{:#pdf-bug-fixes}

*	\#231273 - Free text and polygon annotation are now preserving properly while flattening the PDF document.
*	\#231625 - Review status is now preserving properly while exporting or importing the annotations.
*	\#231273 - Object null reference exception no longer occurs while flattening the PDF documents.
*	\#231795, \#231668, \#231273, \#233045 - Review status and layer are now preserving properly while importing annotations from the XFDF file.
*	\#226015 - Grouped annotations are now preserving properly while importing or exporting the annotations.
*	\#232559 - PDF form fields are now cloned properly.
*	\#233194 - Text is now preserving properly while filling form fields.
*	\#232920 - Text is now preserving properly while filling the XFA form fields.
*	\#232477, \#232754 - Application will no longer crash while importing pages from the PDF document.
*	\#228012, \#231381 - Form fields are now preserving properly when loading a PDF document in different instances.
*	\#226230 - Form fields will never be missing while importing pages from a PDF document.
*	\#232496 - File size will no longer increase while continuously saving a PDF document.
*	\#233102 - Invalid cast exception will no longer occur while flattening the combo box fields.
*	\#233004 - Form fields size is now preserving properly while flattening form fields.
*	\#231901, \#228043 - Annotations are now flattened properly in a PDF document.
*	\#231965, \#231964 - Now, you will get proper exception messages while creating the QR barcodes with incorrect values.
*	\#230688 - Document will no longer corrupt while saving the encrypted PDF document.
*	\#230368 - Font names are getting properly while using the PdfUsedFont instance.
*	\#230023 - Output document will no longer corrupt while loading the PDF documents.
*	\#229260 - The redaction position is now proper while applying redaction in an existing PDF document.
*	\#229270 - Alternate text for images will no longer be removed while saving a PDF document.
*	\#228375 - Annotations are now preserved properly while flatting them.
*	\#228619 - Null reference exception will no longer occur while saving the PDF documents with annotation and redaction. 
*	\#228486 - Key not found exception will no longer occur while loading PDF document. 
*	\#227803 - Document information is now removed properly while passing empty string. 
*	\#232754 - Exception will no longer occur while importing pages from existing PDF document. 
*	\#228072 - Preservation issue will no longer occur while converting a Word document to PDF. 
*	\#226539 - Ligature characters are now preserved properly while converting XPS to PDF. 
*	\#227803 - PDF document will no longer corrupt while applying redaction. 
*	\#228202, \#228667 - Output document will no longer corrupt while merging the PDF documents. 
*	\#228635, \#226614 - Exception will no longer occurs while obtaining destination from annotation. 
*	\#231550 - Performance has been improved while converting a Word document to PDF. 
*	\#229685 - Font substitution issue will no longer occur while converting a Word document to PDF.
*	\#231801 - Exception will no longer occur while opening 256-bit protected document in Nuance PDF.
*	\#228341 - Code 128, code 32, and code 93 extended barcodes are now rendered properly. 
*	\#228336 - Null reference exception will no longer occur while merging the PDF documents.
*	\#224584 - Parameter is not valid exception will no longer occur while performing redaction on the OCR'ed documents.
*	\#227845 - Acroform fields tab index is now retrieved properly. 
*	\#229922, \#234322 - Color is now preserving properly while using PDF linear gradient brush with vertical mode.
*	\#229746 - Null reference exception will no longer occur while loading the XFA PDF document.
*	\#234625 - Text redaction is now applied properly in OCR-ed PDF documents.
*	\#237633 - Exception will no longer occur while signing PDF with timestamp server.
*	\#237481 - Output document will never corrupt when open/save it using open and repair.
*	\#237481 - Output document will never corrupt while changing the document permissions.
*	\#236388 - Exception will no longer occur when deleting corrupted PDF file.
*	\#236168 - Named destination will be added properly.
*	\#235880, \#239447 - Special characters are now preserved properly while applying redaction.
*	\#235880, \#233383 - Memory consumption is now optimized when converting Word to PDF.
*	\#234809, \#144285, \#235480, \#237790 - Position is now proper while adding signature field to the existing PDF file.
*	\#234458 - PdfLoadedPage client size is now retrieved properly.
*	\#233768 - Layers are now preserved properly when flattening annotations.
*	\#228341 - Code 93 and Code 93 extended barcode are not generated properly.
*	\#232609 - Bullets are now preserved while converting Word to PDF.
*	\#230599 - Preservation issue will no longer occur while drawing EMF to PDF.
*	\#235715 - Preservation issue will no longer occur while drawing PDF grid.
*	Combo box field values are now exported properly.
*	Line arrows are now preserved properly while converting EMF to PDF.
*	\#239254, \#238308 - Unexpected token object type exception will no longer occur while opening a PDF document.
*	\#239388 - The `NullReferenceException` will no longer occur while extracting image from a PDF document.
*	\#239073 - Key not found exception will no longer occur while accessing layer from a PDF document.
*	\#238172 - Performance has been improved while loading and saving an encrypted PDF document.
*	Border is now preserving properly while creating the free text annotation.
*	\#235462 - The resulted PDF file size is same while saving it multiple times.
## PdfViewer

### Features
{:#pdfviewer-features}

* \#228936 – Removed the temporary file stored in the temp folder when calling the Unload() method.
* \#F143902 – Provided support for saving the XFA form fields.


### Bug Fixes
{:#pdfviewer-bug-fixes}

* \#221804 - Height of the PDF Viewer control is now maintained properly when using inside the tab control.
* \#232759 - Form fields are now rendered in proper position for the provided PDF document.
* \#233028 - Selection is now maintained properly, when double clicking outside the PDF Viewer container.
* \#227803, \#229474 - Find Text method now returning correct values when calling inside a loop.
* \#239221, \#239132, \#234653 – Tab order of the form fields will now be maintained properly.
* \#239681 – Now, the input fields are focused properly while using them along with the PDF Viewer control in a page.

## Presentation

### Features
{:#presentation-features}

* \#236376 - Support has been added to PowerPoint write protection.

### Bug Fixes
{:#Presentation-bug-fixes}

* \#212572, \#229361 - The group-shapes will now be rendered properly if vertical or horizontal flips applied along with rotations.
* \#229361 - Table cell background is now properly applied for vertically merged cells in PowerPoint to PDF conversion.
* \#232725 - The NullReferenceException will no longer be thrown while converting PowerPoint to PDF.
* \#231624 - OLE objects will now be converted properly in PowerPoint to PDF conversion.
* \#230386 - The StackOverflowException will no longer be thrown while accessing paragraph font color.
* \#230575 - Formatting will be preserved properly after cloning and merging a PowerPoint slide with destination theme.
* \#230666 - The Metafile image rendering is now skipped properly in Azure environment by avoiding the OutOfMemoryException.
* \#233799 - The NullReferenceException will no longer be thrown while cloning an OLE Object in master slide.
* \#231053 - Chart data label color will not be changed while cloning a PowerPoint slide with chart.
* \#233982 - The NullReferenceException will no longer be thrown while parsing customized master slide.
* \#236894 - Hanging issue has been resolved while parsing a PowerPoint with sound transition.
* \#236892 - The IndexOutOfRangeException will no longer be thrown while converting PowerPoint to Image.
* \#232687 - Value axis title will now be aligned properly while converting PowerPoint to PDF.
## ReportDesigner `Preview`

### Bug Fixes
{:#reportdesigner-bug-fixes}

* \#I234814 - The exception thrown when defining a query parameter as a part of the parameter key value string in WEB API data source has been fixed.
* \#I234736 – The issue with creating a dataset when stored procedure fails to save the dataset has been fixed.
* \#I234736 – The issue “the dataset with stored procedure opens with code mode instead of design mode on dataset edit action” has been fixed.
* \#I234103 - The issue that occurs with table report item column popup height with custom header scenario has been fixed.
* \#I233809 - The exception thrown when executing a query with parameters in WEB API data source has been resolved.
* \#I233809 - The credentials prompt on preview action in the report with ODBC data source has been fixed.
* \#I232918 and #I227918 - The report parameter serialization issue that occurs when it contains empty default value or available value tags has been fixed.
* \#I232918 – The error that occurs when saving a report to SSRS has been fixed.
* \#I232567 – The improper formatting of grid report item when applying minimum column width has been fixed.
* \#I232377 - The issue that occurs with Text box format when adding multiple expression or editing the expression has been fixed.
* \#I232416 – The textbox expression reset issue with list control in the Firefox browser has been fixed.
* \#I236921 - The console errors thrown when loading data in query designer preview grid have been resolved.
* \#I237043 - The credential dialog password field text unmask issue has been resolved.
* \#I227918 – The fixed member serialization issue that occurs when saving the report with chart report item in SSRS Report Server 2016 has been fixed.
* \#I229665 - The time-out exception that occurs when executing SQL query for a table with huge data has been resolved.
* \#I231569 – The invalid query exception that occurs when using the ORDERBY clause in the dataset query has been fixed.
## XlsIO

### Features
{:#xlsio-features}

* \#227983 - Exception, "Text length cannot be more than 32767" can be ignored using the `ExcludeAdditionalCharacters` property.
* \#230550, \#230543 - Excel table with query parameters is implemented.
* \#222226 - `DropLines` in Excel charts are now supported.
* \#F143384 - Support to get direct dependents and direct precedents of a cell is provided.


### Breaking Changes
{:#xlsio-breaking-changes}

* \#227983 - `ExcludeAdditionalCharacters` has been added in `IApplication` class to ignore exception and exclude characters more than 32767 (maximum allowed characters) in a cell text.
* \#230550, \#230543 - `IParameters` interface is added to represent the parameter collection of query table.
* \#230550, \#230543 - `Add()` method is added in `IParameters` interface to add parameter to the query table.
* \#230550, \#230543 - `ExcelParameterDataType` enum is added to represent the parameter data types.
* \#230550, \#230543 - `ExcelParameterType` enum is added to represent the parameter types.
* \#230550, \#230543 - `IParameter` interface is added to represent the parameter of query table.
* \#230550, \#230543 - `DataType` property is added in `IParameter` interface to represent the SQL data type.
* \#230550, \#230543 - `Type` property is added in `IParameter` interface to represent the parameter type.
* \#230550, \#230543 - `PromptString` property is added in `IParameter` interface to represent the prompt string.
* \#230550, \#230543 - `Value` property is added in `IParameter` interface to represent the parameter value.
* \#230550, \#230543 - `CellReference` property is added in `IParameter` interface to represent the parameter cell reference.
* \#230550, \#230543 - `Name` property is added in `IParameter` interface to represent the parameter name.
* \#230550, \#230543 - `RefreshOnChange` property is added in `IParameter` interface to indicate whether the query table will be refreshed when the parameter is changed.
* \#230550, \#230543 - `Prompt` property is added in `IParameter` interface that occurs when refreshing the table after setting the parameter type to prompt.
* \#230550, \#230543 - `SetParam()` method is added in `IParameter` interface to set value to the parameter.
* \#230550, \#230543 - `Parameters` property is added in `QueryTableImpl` class to represent the parameters of query table.
* \#234003 - `IgnoreSheetNameException` property is added in both `IApplication` interface and `ApplicationImpl` class, which gets or sets a boolean value to ignore duplicate worksheet name exception by adding a suffix at the end.
* \#222226 - `HighLowLines` property in `IChartFormat` class gets high-low lines of stock and line charts.
* \#222226 - `DropLines` property in `IChartFormat` class gets drop lines of stock, line and area charts.
* \#222226 - `DropLineStyle` property in `IChartFormat` class gets or sets drop lines or high-low lines or series lines.
* \#222226 - `HasDropLines` property in `IChartFormat` class gets or sets a boolean value denoting the drop lines of stock, line, or area charts.
* \#222226 - `HasHighLowLines` property in `IChartFormat` class gets or sets a boolean value denoting the high-low lines of stock or line charts.
* \#222226 - `HasSeriesLines` property in `IChartFormat` class gets or sets a boolean value denoting the series lines of pie of pie or bar of pie charts.
* \#F143384 - `GetDirectPrecedents()` method is implemented in `IRange` class to get the direct precedent cells, which are referred by a formula in another cell.
* \#F143384 - `GetDirectDependents()` method is implemented in `IRange` class to get the direct dependent cells, which refer to other cells.


### Bug Fixes
{:#xlsio-bug-fixes}

* \#F144022, \#224520 - Conditional formatting formula with sheet reference is now proper.
* \#227766, \#231068 - Chart legend is now rendered properly while changing the chart type.
* \#232040, \#232682 - Cell background color is now rendered properly on converting XML to XLSX format.
* \#229121 - Picture name is now updated properly after removing a picture and inserting a new picture.
* \#226753 - Exception is no longer thrown while opening an Excel file with formula in Dutch culture.
* \#230294 - Picture created with camera tool is now properly changed with the `INDIRECT()` formula.
* \#230697 - After accessing the used range, relative range indexer is now working properly.
* \#231469 - Application no longer hangs while opening an Excel file with picture that has unsupported elements.
* \#226860 - Performance will not degrade on exporting a range to a data table multiple times.
* \#229117 - Named range index is now updated properly while copying ranges from two different workbooks.
* \#228853 - Footer value in source worksheet no longer changes while modifying footer in cloned worksheet.
* \#228560 - Null reference exception is no longer thrown while cloning the workbook.
* \#224793 - Extra pages are no longer added with `FitAllColumnsOnOnePage` layout setting in Excel to PDF conversion.
* \#231271 - Timestamp is preserved in zip file.
* \#227209 - Argument out of range exception is no longer thrown while applying the template marker with `UnKnownVariableAction.ReplaceBlank`.
* \#232727 - Argument exception is no longer thrown while opening an Excel file with `IgnoreErrors`.
* \#228711 - Performance will not degrade on exporting data from Grid to Excel.
* \#226133 - ArgumentOutOfRangeException is no longer thrown while accessing a range from cloned workbook.
* \#225831 - NullReferenceException is no longer thrown while converting worksheet to PDF.
* \#229460 - Exception is no longer thrown while converting Excel to PDF with hyperlink.
* \#231882 - Performance will not degrade on exporting pivot grid to Excel.
* \#232040 - Cell Styles are now preserved properly after resaving the output file with Microsoft Excel.
* \#232473 - Macro name is now set properly in shapes.
* \#227998 - Pivot table with tabular layout no longer increases the page count in Excel to PDF conversion.
* \#230759 - Conditional formatting with discontinuous range is now preserved properly in Excel to PDF conversion.
* \#229528 - Exception is no longer thrown while opening a resaved Excel document with `ExcelIgnoreError` option.
* \#232105 - Radar chart is now rendered properly while converting to image.
* \#227410 - Pivot table field item is now preserved properly while resaving the Excel file with the `IsRefreshOnLoad` property.
* \#235570 - Exception is no longer thrown when setting date time value in general format without having date separators.
* \#233740 - Exception is no longer thrown on converting Excel to PDF with Doughnut chart.
* \#228415 - Ole object formula bar is now shown properly on resaving the Excel document with Ole object.
* \#236136 - Exception is no longer thrown while setting `PivotFieldDataFormat` as `PercentageOfParent` in pivot table.
* \#225098 - The position of form controls (CheckBox, ComboBox, OptionButton) is now updated properly on inserting row or column.
* \#234572 - Data validation is now properly preserved while resaving the Excel document.
* \#234003 - Exception is no longer thrown while setting existing name to the worksheet.
* \#233740 - Issue with "Textbox in chart is missing while resaving the Excel document" has been fixed.
* \#235011 - Exception is no longer thrown while opening the Excel document with negative anchor row and column.
* \#229691, \#225609, \#229497 - Cropping issue with Legend having manual size in chart to image conversion has been fixed.
* \#225927 - Chart series with date time axis preservation issue in chart to image conversion has been fixed.
* \#234789 - Multiple filter is now working properly in pivot table while setting `IsMultiFieldFilter` to TRUE.
* \#234003 - Exception is no longer thrown while setting a name that is already in the existing sheet names collection.
* \#222226 - `HighLowLines` and `DropLineStyle` APIs have been exposed.
* \#231382 - Spreadsheet XML is now stable.
* \#231382 - Named range is now stable.
* \#238059 - Time format is now properly preserved while setting date time values.
* \#F141716 - Exception is no longer thrown while opening the Excel file when a namespace is not defined.
* \#F142864 - Exception is no longer thrown while accessing the `IRange.Value` property in multi-threading.
* \#F143467 - Argument null exception is no longer thrown while converting Excel to PDF.
* Issue with "Waterfall chart individual data label color is not changing" has been fixed.

