---
title: Essential Studio for ASP.NET Weekly Nuget Release Release Notes  
description: Essential Studio for ASP.NET Weekly Nuget Release Release Notes  
platform: aspnet
documentation: ug
---

# Essential Studio for ASP.NET  Release Notes  

{% include release-info.html date="May 7, 2019"  version="v17.1.0.44" %} 






## DocIO

No Changes for this product in this version.

[//]: # "Delete the contents of this file while new content is added."

## pdf

No Changes for this product in this version.

[//]: # "Delete the contents of this file while new content is added."

## PdfViewer

### Features
{:#pdfviewer-features}

* \#228936 – Removed the temporary file stored in the temp folder while calling the Unload() method.
* \#F143902 – Provided the supports for saving the XFA form fields.


### Bug Fixes
{:#pdfviewer-bug-fixes}

* \#221804 - Height of the PDF Viewer control is now maintained properly while using inside the tab control.
* \#232759 - Form fields are now rendered in proper position for the provided PDF document.
* \#233028 - Selection is now maintained properly, when double clicking outside the PDF Viewer container.
* \#227803, \#229474 - Find Text method now returning correct values when calling inside a loop.

## Presentation

No Changes for this product in this version.

[//]: # "Delete the contents of this file while new content is added."

## XlsIO

### Bug Fixes
{:#xlsio-bug-fixes}

* \#227766, \#231068 - Chart legend in now rendered properly while changing the chart type.
* \#231882 - Performance will not degrade on exporting pivot grid to Excel.
* \#232040 - Cell Styles are preserved properly after resaving the output file with Microsoft Excel.
* \#232473 - Macro name is now set properly in shapes.
* \#227998 - Pivot table with tabular layout no longer increases the page count in Excel to PDF conversion.
* \#230759 - Conditional formatting with discontinuous range is now preserved properly in Excel to PDF conversion.
* \#229528 - Exception is no longer thrown while opening a re-saved Excel document with ExcelIgnoreError option.
* \#232105 - Radar chart is now rendered properly while converting to image.
* \#F141716 - Exception is no longer thrown while opening the Excel file when a namespace is not defined.
