---
title: Essential Studio for ASP.NET Weekly Nuget Release Release Notes  
description: Essential Studio for ASP.NET Weekly Nuget Release Release Notes  
platform: aspnet
documentation: ug
---

# Essential Studio for ASP.NET  Release Notes  

{% include release-info.html date="March 27, 2019"  version="v17.1.0.38" %} 







## Chart

### Breaking Changes
{:#chart-breaking-changes}

* \#226714 - The value type of the `Start` and `End` properties in `StripLine` has been changed from Double to Object to accept all the values.

### Features
{:#chart-features}

* \#218167 - Provided the support to rotate the axis label based on different text anchor position.

### Bug Fixes
{:#chart-bug-fixes}

* \#226714 - Now, [`stripline`](https://help.syncfusion.com/api/js/ejchart#members:primaryxaxis-stripline) will be rendered properly for datetime axis.
* \#225792 - Now, [`RangeArea`](https://help.syncfusion.com/api/js/ejchart#members:series-type) series will be rendered properly with empty point.
* \#142405 - Resolved the implicitly declared variables in global scope.



## ComboBox

### Bug Fixes
{:#ejcombobox-features}

* \#141933 - An issue with setting the index dynamically through the actionComplete event has been fixed.
## Common

### Features
{:#Common-features}

* Provided the project template support for Visual Studio 2019.

### Bug Fixes
{:#common-bug-fixes}

* \#227554 - Server-side events will trigger properly after form validation.
## Diagram

### Features
{:#diagram-features}

* \#219437 - Support to flip a node/connector in both horizontal and vertical directions is added.
## DocIO

### Features
{:#DocIO-features}

* \#225752 – Provided support to update unknown type fields in a Word document.
* \#224654 – API has been added to set created date and time for Word document comments.
* \#223907 - API has been added to skip the **Complex format is not supported** exception while opening an incrementally saved DOC format Word document.

### Bug Fixes
{:#DocIO-bug-fixes}

* \#221972 - Text is now highlighted properly while converting a Word document to tagged PDF.
* \#223350 - Table cell is now preserved properly while opening an HTML document.
* \#222922 - Image is now preserved properly while converting a Word document to PDF.
* \#222713 - The **ArgumentException** will no longer be thrown while adding a table.
* \#222608 - Font name is now preserved properly while converting an HTML document to Word document.
* \#222751 - The **StackOverFlowException** will no longer be thrown while converting a Word document to PDF.
* \#222670 - Inline content control text is now preserved properly while converting a Word document to PDF.
* \#222320 - Hyperlink is now preserved properly in inline content control while converting a Word document to PDF.
* \#222345 - The **ArgumentOutOfRangeException** will no longer be thrown while updating TOC in RTF format document.
* \#221260 - Line space preservation issue has been resolved While converting a Word document to PDF.
* \#221153 - Inline content control custom XML data is now preserved properly while converting a Word document to PDF.
* \#221725 - The **ArgumentOutOfRangeException** will no longer be thrown while cloning a Word document.
* \#221611 - The **NullReferenceException** will no longer be thrown while saving a Word document.
* \#220710 - Table row is now preserved properly while converting a Word document to PDF.
* \#220324 - Checkbox content control state is now preserved properly while cloning a Word document.
* \#221119 - List number is now preserved properly while opening an RTF format document.
* \#218943 - List bullet is now preserved properly while opening an RTF format document.
* \#219092 - Merge field before and after text is now preserved properly while executing mail merge.
* \#F141177 - The metafile images are now replaced by default bitmap images while converting a Word document to PDF in Azure platform.
* \#223340 - The **IndexOutOfRangeException** will no longer be thrown while converting a Word document to PDF.
* \#222852 - Footer content is now preserved properly while merging multiple RTF documents.
* \#223355 - Tab is now preserved properly while converting a cloned Word document to Image.
* \#222588 - Formula field result is now preserved properly while updating the Word document fields.
* \#224323, \#225518, \#225883 - The **NullReferenceException** will no longer be thrown while calling the GetText API.
* \#224412 - Tab is now preserved properly while converting a Word document to PDF.
* \#224287 - Image is now preserved properly while converting a Word document to PDF.
* \#223508 - Word document instance is now disposed properly while converting a Word document to PDF.
* \#225386 - Page field is now preserved properly while converting a Word document to PDF.
* \#225611, \#225386 - Table content is now preserved properly while converting a Word document to PDF.
* \#218799 - Pagination issue has been resolved while converting a Word document to PDF.
* \#224351, \#224561 - Inline content control's text is now preserved properly while converting a Word document to PDF.
* \#224062, \#226901 - Table border is now preserved properly while converting a Word document as RTF.
* \#226599, \#226243, \#220279 - Table is now preserved properly while converting a Word document to PDF.
* \#226599, \#226243, \#225970, \#225679, \#226352, \#223713, \#223959, \#224412, \#221455 - Hanging issue has been resolved while converting a Word document to PDF.
* \#226243 - Frame content is now preserved properly while converting a Word document to PDF.
* \#227112 - The **NullReferenceException** will no longer be thrown while updating the Word document fields.
* \#224637 - Picture preservation issue has been resolved while converting a Word document to PDF.
* \#225091 - Check box is now preserved properly while converting a Word document to PDF.
* \#225458, \#223134 - Table row border is now preserved properly while converting a Word document to PDF.
* \#225091 - Underline is now preserved properly while converting a Word document to PDF.
* \#225176 - Image is now preserved properly while converting the RTF document to HTML.
* \#226725 - Embedded Microsoft Visio (VSDX) object is now preserved properly in DOCX to DOCX conversion.
* \#220362 - Picture watermark is now preserved properly while resaving the RTF document. 
* \#225947 - Number format is now preserved properly while performing Mail merge.
* \#225062 - Image is now preserved properly while importing a Word document.
* \#218957, \#220198 - The **ArgumentException** will no longer be thrown while converting a Word document to PDF.
* \#225481 - The **NotSupportedException** will no longer be thrown while opening an HTML document.
* \#225481 - Image size is now preserved properly while opening an HTML document.
* \#225481 - Table border is now preserved properly while opening an HTML document.
* \#218799 – Text format is now preserved properly while converting a Word document to PDF.
* \#218799, \#225679 – Text box is now preserved properly while converting a Word document to PDF.
* \#225386 – Table cell is now preserved properly while converting a Word document to PDF.
* \#221089 – Picture watermark is now preserved properly while converting a Word document to PDF.
* \#227058 – **Html contains not well formatted table** will no longer be thrown while opening an HTML document with caption tag.
* \#223350 – Vertical merged cells are now preserved properly while opening an HTML document.

## Gantt

### Features
{:#gantt-features}

* \#206486, \#222896, \#226182 - The Gantt control now provides support for quarter year and half year timeline views.

### Bug Fixes
{:#gantt-bug-fixes}

* \#226182 - Now it is possible to export the Gantt to PDF file in 24 hour working timescale without any issues.
## Grid

### Bug Fixes
{:#grid-bug-fixes}

* \#226660,227581 - Grid is rendered properly in Design View, when Scrolling is enabled.
## PDF

### Features
{:#pdf-features}

*	\#136187 - Added support to create the ZUGFeRD PDF invoice.
*	\#135996, \#179159, \#124105 - Added support to create the PDF/A-2b and PDF/A-3b conformance level document.
*	\#222759, \#226015 - Added support to import and export a PDF annotation with FDF and XFDF formats.
*	\#223208 - Added support to fill both XFA and acroform fields with sample API.
*	Added support to rotate annotations.
*	\#220871 - Added support to retrieve the acroform radio button option values.
*	\#141170, \#222335, \#223048 - Added support to retrieve review status and comments from a PDF annotation.
*	\#221779 - Added support to update the layout result.
*	\#194410, \#198765 - Added support to create an ink annotation with ink list collection.
*	\#141253 - Added support to create multiple range of page labels.
*	\#223924 - Added support to retrieve certificate details from the existing signed PDF.
*	\#223970 - Added support to clear the XFA date time field value.
*	\#227357 - Added option value support to import and export the radio button field.

### Breaking Changes
{:#pdf-breaking-changes}

*	\#223629 – Now, by default, `EnableMemoryOptimization` is set to false when append the PDF files, so close the existing PDF document after saving the new PDF document.
*	Free text annotation call-out line coordinate points are now changed to top to bottom.
*	Annotations are now rotating based on the page rotation in an existing PDF document.

### Bug Fixes
{:#pdf-bug-fixes} 

*	\#223966 - The XFA form fields are now retrieving properly by field name.
*	\#224603 - The null reference exception will no longer occur when merging certain PDF documents.
*	\#141148 - Tool tip is now preserving properly for `PdfSignatureField`.
*	\#224531 - The null reference exception will no longer occur while saving the merged PDF document.
*	\#223013 - The radio button field state is now importing properly from XFDF document.
*	\#222779 - Attachment is now opening properly from the merged PDF document.
*	\#222425 - The check box form field is now filling properly in `PdfLoadedXfaDocument`.
*	\#222024, \#224795 - The null reference exception will no longer occur when saving the PDF document.
*	\#221122 - PDF security is now preserving properly when saving the PDF document twice.
*	\#217591 - Font is now preserving properly in the flattened PDF document.
*	\#221424 - The `Brush` property of the `PdfPen` is now initialized through the constructor.
*	\#222811 - Line is now rendering properly when converting EMF to PDF document.
*	\#222296 - Text is now preserving properly when converting EMF to PDF document.
*	\#199783 - Content in EMF is now preserving properly when converted to PDF multiple times.
*	\#222410 - EMF is now preserving properly when converting to PDF document.
*	\#222516, 224611 - RTL text is now preserving properly when converting a word document to PDF.
*	\#221808, \#223751 - The "An error exists on this page" exception will no longer occur when converting a word document to PDF.
*	\#223650 - The EMF images are now preserving properly when converting presentation to PDF.
*	\#222811 - The EMF image is now scaling properly when converting EMF to PDF.
*	\#222327 - Hebrew text is now preserving properly when converting XPS to PDF.
*	\#219569 - The "Arithmetic overflow exception" will no longer occur while signing the PDF document.
*	\#222059 - All hidden layers are now printing properly when saving and loading the PDF document.
*	\#221328 - Performance has been improved when saving the uncorrupted PDF document.

*	\#227081 – Row span is now applying properly in `PdfGrid` header.
*	\#224992, \#225719 – Argument out of range exception will no longer occurs when importing pages from a PDF document.
*	\#224584 – PDF document will no longer be corrupted when redacting the PDF document.
*	\#227605 – Border width is now retrieving properly from the free text annotation.
*	\#227261 – Text is now selectable after processing OCR for the PDF document.
*	\#226916 – Documents will no longer be corrupted when creating PDF template from imported PDF document.
*	\#226124 - PDF lexer issues are now thrown with `PdfException`.
*	\#227048 - Form fields are now preserving properly while resaving the existing XFA document.
*	\#226167 – PDF documents will no longer be corrupted after modifying the PDF document information.
*	\#226393 – Form fields are now filling properly when importing XFDF document to fill XFA document.
*	\#221393, \#221376 – Memory leaks will no longer occurs when converting Word document to PDF.
*	\#225910 – The "PathException" will no longer occurs while retrieving custom metadata from an existing PDF document.
*	\#222811 – Content is now preserving properly when converting EMF to PDF document.
*	\#225853 – Display date format is now preserving properly while filling the `PdfLoadedXfaDateTimeField`.
*	\#225896 – "ArgumentOutOfRangeException" will no longer occurs while importing the PDF document.
*	\#222797, \#225325 – Vertical alignment of the Thai language text is now preserving properly.
*	\#223629 – Performance of the PDF append method is now improved.
*	\#224852 – XFA form flatten is now preserving properly in Danish culture.
*	\#224583 – Font size is now preserving properly in combo box field.
*	\#224603 – Null reference exception will no longer occurs while merging certain PDF documents.
*	\#223346 – Images are now preserving properly while encrypting the PDF document.
*	\#224531 – Null reference exception will no longer occurs while saving the PDF document.
*	\#224269 – Free text annotation’s properties are now retrieving properly.
*	\#222297 – Color preservation issues will no longer occur while converting EMF to PDF document.
*	\#221805 – Fonts are now embedding properly in conformance enabled PDF document.
*	\#141148 – Tool tip is now changing as expected for `PdfSignatureField`.
*	\#219569 – Arithmetic overflow exception will no longer occurs while signing the PDF document.
*	\#185722 – PDF document content is now preserving properly after merging the PDF files.
*	\#224887 – Added PDF signatures are now valid.
*	\#221808, \#205098 – Text is now preserving properly while converting Word document to PDF.
*	\#225055 – The bounds are now retrieving properly from `PdfLoadedTextBoxField`.
*	\#225055 – RTL text is now preserving properly in PDF form fields.








## PdfViewer

### Features
{:#pdfviewer-features}

* \#226761 – Exposed the new event ajaxRequestSuccess to notify the AJAX request success status.
* \#226632, \#227289 - Added the new fields width and height in the signatureSettings property to customize the size of signature content.


### Bug Fixes
{:#pdfviewer-bug-fixes}

* \#223562 - Text content of the PDF document are now rendered properly.
* \#222903 - Text is now extracted properly for the provided PDF document.
* \#225164 - Error will no longer occur while loading provided PDF document.
* \#225449 - Restriction summary is now preserved properly.
* \#225447 - Custom zoom value is now set properly during initial loading of a PDF document.
* \#226006 - The downloaded document name is same as the original document name, when document is loaded using the choose file from disk option.
* \#227921 - Now, the required form fields are displayed correctly.
* \#225018 - The FindText API is now working properly for the provided PDF document.
* \#227777 - Exception will no longer occur on loading the provided PDF document.

## PivotClient

### Features
{:#pivotclient-features}

* \#195204 – Provided support to change aggregation types dynamically with UI interaction via the pivot button context menu.

## PivotGrid

### Features
{:#pivotgrid-features}

* \#204545, #225528 - Provided support to export pivot grid information without subtotals and grand totals.

## Presentation

### Features
{:#presentation-features}

* \#227243 - Support has been added to add the OLE Object into PowerPoint slide as link.

### Bug Fixes
{:#Presentation-bug-fixes}

* \#224226 - Application will no more hang while adding an image to a PowerPoint slide.
* \#F141608 - Background color is now properly preserved while exporting a PowerPoint slide to EMF with 100% transparency.
* \#225390 - PowerPoint file will no longer get corrupted while resaving multiple times with charts.
* \#222440 - Notes in a PowerPoint slide can now be cloned and added to another slide.
* \#222693 - Hyperlinks in a PowerPoint slide are now embedded into the converted PDF document.
* \#226350 - Scaled images will now render properly in PowerPoint to PDF conversion.
* \#228231 - Application will no more hang while opening the PowerPoint document with empty field tag.



## ReportDesigner `Preview`

### Features
{:#reportdesigner-features}

* \#140559 and #222739 – Provided list report item support to create free-form layout in reports.
* \#209470 - Provided custom code support.
* \#222739 and #139940 – Provided the necessary APIs to programmatically handle the data source and dataset options.
* \#222138 - Provided reordering support for report parameters.
* Provided an option to order the layout of report items in the design area.

### Bug Fixes
{:#reportdesigner-bug-fixes}

* \#229302 - Fixed the undefined issue with the headers property when uploading an image using the image manager.
* \#227493 – Now, expressions can be set for the subreport item in the visibility property.
* \#142413 - Fixed the report parameter layout tag creation issue when creating parameters in the report.
* \#226659 - Fixed the header color and column span properties’ serialization issue in the grid report item.
* \#226659 and #223252 - Fixed the issues with the textbox report item’s expression option.
* \#223797 - Fixed the image upload issue when the file name contains Unicode values.
* \#222796 - Fixed the summary row property disabling issue in the grid report item.
* \#226659 - Fixed the issue with populating the text alignment property in the grid report item.
* \#222888 - Resolved the console errors thrown when applying font sizes continuously for the selected text in the text box report item.
* \#221279 - Resolved the issue with inheriting the alternate row cell properties from the cell styles in the grid report item.
* \#221279 - Fixed the column resizing issue in the grid report item.
* \#223348 - Fixed the parameter type conversion failure in dataset query.
## ReportViewer

### Bug Fixes
{:#reportviewer-bug-fixes}

* \#226131 – Resolved the lookupSet expression fails issue when used inside the code module function.
## Spreadsheet

### Features
{:#spreadsheet-features}

* Provided import/export support for charts with Trendlines.
* Provided support to highlight the invalid data while updating the value in validation applied cells.
* Provided custom format support for negative numbers.
*Provided cellSave event support, whenever the cell value changed in the spreadsheet.
* Provided the performance improvements while scrolling with applied freeze pane.
* Provided support for add table references in name manager collection while importing.

## XlsIO

### Features
{:#xlsio-features}

* \#F99670, \#185459, \#194756, \#197860 - Added support for custom table styles in Excel.
* \#128585, \#132019, \#224861 - Provided support to format unique and duplicate values in conditional formatting.
* \#199594, \#199992, \#206375, \#206374, \#209766, \#F139259, \#218497, \#225207 - Provided support for chart to image/PDF conversion in .NET Standard.
* \#222797 - Added support for complex script rendering in Excel to PDF conversion.
* Provided support for PDF conformance level in Excel to PDF conversion.
* Added support for Excel 2019 version in XlsIO.

### Breaking Changes
{:#xlsio-breaking-changes}

* \#F99670, \#185459, \#194756, \#197860 - The `TableStyles` property is added in `IWorkbook` interface to get the table styles collection for adding custom table styles.
* \#128585, \#132019, \#224861 - The `Unique` and `Duplicate` types are included in `ExcelCFType` enumeration to highlight the cells with unique and duplicate values using conditional formatting feature.
* \#199594, \#199992, \#206375, \#206374, \#209766, \#F139259, \#218497, \#225207 - Added `ExportChartImageOptions` property and `ConvertToPDF()` and `ConvertToImage()` methods in `IXlsIORenderer` class and `SaveAsImage()` method in `IChart` interface.
* \#222797 - `AutoDetectComplexScript` has been added in `ExcelToPdfConverterSettings` class to support complex script rendering in Excel to PDF conversion.
* Enumeration `PdfConformanceLevel` is added in `ExcelToPdfConverterSettings` class to set conformance level in PDF document that is converted from Excel.
* Type `Xlsx` is added in `ExcelVersion` enumeration to represent Excel version 2019 and above.


### Bug Fixes
{:#xlsio-bug-fixes}

* \#224892 - Unlocked cells are unlocked while moving range from protected worksheet to another worksheet.
* \#226242 - Display text return improper value in French culture issue is resolved.
* \#225272 - Exception is no longer thrown while converting CSV document to PDF with NULL character.
* \#222397, \#222732 - Table with query is now preserved properly on invoking `Table.Refresh()`.
* \#223856, \#224976 - File will no longer be corrupted while copying a range with multiple list objects.
* \#226454 - The IndexOutOfRange exception will no longer be thrown while converting Excel document into PDF with header and footer.
* \#224770 - Exception will no longer be thrown while exporting worksheet data into data table.
* \#223667 - Exception will no longer be thrown if chart's data range column is deleted.
* \#225065 - Currency number format is now properly detected in XlsIO generated Excel file.
* \#224023 - Exception thrown while opening an XlsIO re-saved document with group shape has been resolved.
* \#223946 - Conditional format is now preserved properly while saving the workbook multiple times.
* \#223839 - Infinite recursive loop on modifying and saving Excel document with improper chart series indices has been resolved.
* \#224024 - Not implemented exception thrown while opening an Excel document with external formula range in check box has been fixed.
* \#223448 - Pivot table field settings are now preserved properly on resaving the Excel file.
* \#223167 - Custom time format [h]:mm:ss is now detected automatically.
* \#223376 - Exception occurs while saving the Excel document with OLE object has been resolved.
* \#223226 - The NullReferenceException thrown when converting an Excel file to HTML has been fixed.
* \#223041 - Data validation formula is now preserved properly while saving the Excel document as XML.
* \#221229 - Issue with pivot field values due to improper pivot field data format has been resolved.
* \#214445 - `Table.Refresh()` is now working properly with ODBC connection.
* \#223918 - Conditional format is now preserved properly on converting Excel document to PDF.
* \#223859 - Hyperlink is now set properly in Excel to PDF conversion.
* \#221079 - Exception thrown if print-title row height is higher in Excel to PDF conversion has been fixed.
* \#221693 - The Parameter invalid exception thrown while converting Excel document to PDF has been fixed.
* \#222797 - Incorrect Thai font in Excel to PDF conversion has been fixed.
* \#222156 - Improper number detection with invariant culture has been fixed.
* \#F142414 - Show all item is not enable issue is fixed while resaving the file with pivot table.
* \#F141101 - Issue with incorrect parsing of comments has been resolved.
* Worksheet LastRow will be properly working when inserting rows beyond used range.
* Issue with incorrect conditional formatting operator type in resaved Excel document has been fixed.
* Setting a table column header name will no longer corrupt the Excel document.
* DataBar color is now applied properly for negative values.
* External formula is now applied properly in .NET Standard.
* Shapes rendering issue for curved shapes in Presentation to Image conversion has been fixed.
