---
title: Essential Studio for ASP.NET 2019 volume 3 Beta Release Release Notes  
description: Essential Studio for ASP.NET 2019 volume 3 Beta Release Release Notes  
platform: aspnet
documentation: ug
---

# Essential Studio for ASP.NET  Release Notes  

{% include release-info.html date="September 20, 2019"  version="v17.3.0.9" %} 







## DocIO

### Features
{:#DocIO-features}

* \#237184 - Provided support to preserve the Ole Equation as Bitmap in Word to PDF conversion.
* \#105883 , \#134917, \#170211, \#239966, \#244366, \#F146503 - Provided support to create and apply custom table styles in a Word document.
* \#94996, \#F116887, \#137337, \#137532, \#147886, \#159260, \#163472, \#182382, \#183354, \#140858, \#197030, \#199916, \#201860, \#212424, \#232214, \#234693 - Provided support to shape and Text box rotation in DOCX , Word to PDF and Word to image conversion.

### Bug Fixes
{:#DocIO-bug-fixes}

* \#241691 - The **ArgumentOutOfRangeException** will no longer be thrown while opening a DOC format Word document.
* \#240393 - Line numbers are now preserved properly when resaving the Word document.
* \#242018 - Text encoding issue has been resolved while opening a RTF format Word document.
* \#241885 - Line spacing is now preserved properly while converting a Word document into HTML.
* \#F143774 - Paragraphs are now preserved properly while performing horizontal cell merge in a Word document.
* \#241475 - Nested IF field result is now preserved properly while converting a Word document as a Text file.
* \#237339 - ActualFormatType is now considered as DOCX when creating a new Word document from scratch.
* \#239792 - Character format is applied properly in Inline content control while opening Word document.
* \#239895 - The **NullReferenceException** will no longer be thrown when updating the fields in the Word document.
* \#239579 - Text border is preserved properly when converting HTML to Word document.
* \#238722 - Character format is applied properly while updating document fields.
* \#F143772 - Nested bookmark is now preserved properly while opening a DOC format Word document.
* \#225399, \#220198, \#209881, \#209466, \#204167 - RTL text alignment and indent issues has been resolved while converting a Word document to PDF.
* \#242278, \#241397, \#240195, \#240030, \#239658, \#238960, \#238709, \#238528, \#237804, \#245011, \#217699 - Hanging issue has been resolved while converting a Word document to PDF.
* \#243412 - Tab leader is now preserved properly while converting a Word document to PDF.
* \#239746, \#238528 - Text is now preserved properly while converting a Word document to PDF.
* \#226594 - Underline is now preserved properly while converting a Word document to PDF in fast rendering.
* \#242601 - Font is now preserved properly while converting a Word document to PDF.
* \#242252 - TOC text color is now drawn properly while converting a Word document to PDF.
* \#239895, \#240393, \#226352 - Paragraph is now preserved properly while converting a Word document to PDF.
* \#230817, \#240393 - Shape is now preserved properly while converting a Word document to PDF.
* \#240393 - Spacing issue has been resolved while converting a Word document to PDF.
* \#238528 - Blank page preservation issue has been resolved while converting a Word document to PDF.
* \#238528 - Table is now preserved properly while converting a Word document to PDF.
* \#240393, \#239828 - The **IndexOutOfRangeException** will no longer be thrown while converting the Word document to PDF.
* \#239439 - Vertical text fill color is now drawn properly while converting a Word document to PDF.
* \#237804 - Tab is now preserved properly while converting a Word document to PDF.
* \#239439 - Text box is now preserved properly while converting a Word document to PDF.
* \#238072 - Horizontally merged table cell border is now preserved properly while converting a Word document to PDF.
* \#244161 - Table is now preserved properly while converting a Word document to PDF.
* \#242252 - Macro button field result is now preserved properly while converting a Word document to PDF.
* \#244161 – The **NullReferenceException** will no longer be thrown while converting a Word document to Image.
* \#243494 - Bookmarks are now preserved properly while converting a Word document to PDF.
* \#245094 - The paragraph style name is now preserved properly in the `StyleName` property while parsing RTF format document.
* \#240020 - Images and tables are now preserved properly in HTML export when the system scaling value is other than 100%.
* \#237184, \#131175 - Child shape line weight is now preserved properly while converting a Word document to PDF.
* \#237184 - Rounded rectangle shape is now preserved properly while converting a Word document to PDF.
* \#245656 - The **ArgumentOutOfRangeException** will no longer be thrown while opening a DOC format Word document.
* \#245313 - Text is now preserved properly while converting a Word document into PDF.
* \#239089, \#246062 - The **ArgumentOutOfRangeException** will no longer be thrown while replacing bookmark content in Word document.
* \#244946 - Font name is now updated properly while applying character format to the text range in Word document.
* \#244919 - The **IndexOutOfBoundsException** will no longer be thrown while updating document fields.
* \#244241 - Argument is not image byte array exception will no longer be thrown while updating alternate chunk.
* \#243623 - Bold is now preserved properly while converting HTML into a Word document.
* \#243595 - Negative values are now preserved properly while performing mail merge in a Word document.
* \#241184 - Image is preserved properly in content control when open and save the word document.
* \#F145109, \#246061 - Bookmark contents are now replaced properly with the **ReplaceBookmarkContent** API.
* \#238451 - Underline is preserved in RTF to HTML conversion.
* \#F145124 - Hanging will no longer occur while deleting a bookmark contents.
* List value is now updated properly when converting a Word document to HTML.
## DropDownList

### Bug Fixes
{:#DropDownList-bug-fixes}

* \#242823 – Issue with server side Value select event has been resolved.

## Gantt

### Bug Fixes
{:#gantt-bug-fixes}

* \#245593 – HTML tags in notes column of the exported PDF page has been removed.

## pdf

### Features
{:#PDF-features}

* \#216603 - Added support for enhanced electronics signature ETSI CAdES.
* \#218411, 223453, F141588 - Added support for validating digital signatures in existing PDF document.
* \#187514, 182262, 153360, 103910 - Added support for finding the corrupted PDF document.
* \#233393 - Added support for setting LeaderOffset, EndLineStyle, and BeginLineStyle in `PdfLineMeasureAnnotation`.
* \#232955 - Added support for processing PDF, which contains encryption only for attachments in PDF.
* \#236552 - Added support for finding the header row using event handler.  

### Breaking Changes
{:#PDF-breaking-changes}

* Line ending styles default value has been changed to None from Square.  

### Bug Fixes
{:#PDF-bug-fixes}

* \#245618 - The `ArgumentOutOfRangeException` will no longer occur when saving the existing PDF document.
* \#245433 - Characters with super script will be preserved properly when rendering with Thai font.
* \#246397 - Document save performance with the `SaveProgress` event has been improved.  
* \#237184 - Preservation and hanging issue will no longer occur when converting Word to PDF.
* \#244577 - `PdfDocumentLinkAnnotation` destination will be updated properly with provided X and Y position. 
* \#244143 - Adjacent character removal in text redaction has been resolved.
* \#244220 - Logo image will be preserved properly in EMF to PDF conversion. 
* \#242068 - Meta file will be rendered properly in EMF to PDF conversion. 
* \#241580 - Tiling brush will be rendered properly in XPS to PDF conversion. 
* \#243529 - Barcode will no longer have any extra blank space when rendering. 
* \#246019 - Hanging issue will no longer occur when converting a Word document to PDF. 
* \#244245 - Text and Icon values of `PdfLoadedPopupAnnotation` will be retrieved properly. 
* \#240456 – The `NullReferenceException` will no longer be thrown when merging the particular documents.  
* \#241481 – Free text annotation will no longer return invalid text.  
* \#242049 – `PdfAnnotation` will be cleared properly while removing the annotations.  
* \#238304 – Font name will be retrieved properly from the `PdfLoadedAnnotation`.  
* \#239222, \#239219 – Radio button page will be null if it is not added in the page.  
* \#238725 – Inserting long text in `PdfLightTable` cell works properly.  
* \#238603 – 3D annotations will be rendered properly with different `Pdf3DRendermode`.  
* \#238517 – `PdfFreeTextAnnotation` color will be preserved properly.  
* \#242310 – Signature information will be rendered properly when applying security.  
* \#244368 – Radio button will be added to the existing PDF documents.  
* \#242644 – Symbols will be encoded properly in Code 39 Extended and Code 93 Extended barcodes. 
* \#242717 – `PdfLayoutResult` will return proper bounds when enabling auto tag.  
* \#243273 – Radio button field will be flattened properly in all PDF pages.  
* \#242335 – Text will be rendered properly when filling and flattening text with right alignment. 
* \#241159 – Code 32 barcode is now preserved properly for the input text containing zero.  
* \#238715 – Text will be rendered properly when converting a particular Word document to PDF.  
* \#241580 – Tilling brush will be rendered in proper location on XPS to PDF conversion.  
* \#241002 – The PDF document will no longer be corrupted when converting EMF to PDF. 
* \#238709 – System out of memory exception will no longer be thrown when converting a Word document to PDF.
* \#F144285 - Signature bounds will be retrieved properly from the existing PDF document. 
* \#F145476 – Content inside the child grid will be wrapped properly.  
* \#F145826 – Barcode will be generated properly with `PdfCode93Barcode`.
* Added appearance stream for different style radio buttons. 
* Text size will be calculated based on the text box field height if it does not have font or size. 
* Underline will no longer be added for trailing white spaces when drawing text.  
* Fore color will be retrieved properly from the text box field.  
* `PdfSignatureField` name will be preserved properly.  
* Font size of the form field will be calculated based on the field size. 
## PdfViewer

### Bug Fixes
{:#pdfviewer-bug-fixes}

* \#240707 - PDF Viewer form filling is now working properly in mobile devices.
* \#240051 - Now, the combo Box font size is maintained properly during magnification.
* \#238989 - Now, the signatureAdd Event is triggered after drawing the hand-written signature in the page.
* \#239222 - Now, the extra radio button field is not rendered in the PDF page.
* \#244474 - The abortPrint() method will now remove the loading indicator in beforePrint event.
* \#242448 - Now, the PDF Viewer renders a page correctly in higher zoom values.
## Presentation

### Features
{:#Presentation-features}

* \#F145218 - Provided support to insert the slide with `PasteOptions` in PowerPoint document.
* \#238015 - Added the Font stream property in `SubstituteFontEventArgs` to set alternate font stream for missing fonts in device during Presentation to PDF/Image conversion.

### Bug Fixes
{:#Presentation-bug-fixes}

* \#F145117 - Font size will be applied properly for second paragraph of table cell.
* \#243282 - Images are now preserved properly while performing clone and merge in PowerPoint presentation.
* \#237602 - Border will be preserved properly while saving the PowerPoint presentation.
* \#237602 - The NullReferenceException will no longer be thrown while opening the PowerPoint presentation.
## Spreadsheet

### Features
{:#spreadsheet-features}

* Provided export support for custom format ("m/d/yyyy h:mm:ss tt").
* Provided custom format("(#,##0);#,##0") support.

## XlsIO

### Features
{:#xlsio-features}

* \#238012 - Warning capture is implemented in Excel to PDF conversion.
* \#238012 - Unsupported font is now substituted by a font stream in Excel to PDF conversion.
* \#238385 - Exporting Excel data to nested class is now supported.
* \#F144806 - Boolean to include column headers is now provided as an overload to the `ImportDataTable()` method with `ImportOnSave` option.
* `Bindable` attribute is implemented to skip a property on importing data from a collection.
* Importing data from nested collection to Excel is now supported.


### Breaking Changes
{:#xlsio-breaking-changes}

* \#238012 - `IWarning` interface is added to represent the warning details of unsupported and substituted elements.
* \#238012 - `ShowWarning()` method is added in `IWarning` class to show warning in the workbook.
* \#238012 - `Cancel` property in `IWarning` class gets or sets a boolean value to cancel the current process.
* \#238012 - `Warning` property is added in `ExcelToPdfConverterSettings` class to get warning detail in Excel to PDF conversion.
* \#238012 - `WarningInfo` class is added to represent the warning details with type and description.
* \#238012 - `Description` property is implemented in `WarningInfo` class to get description of the warning.
* \#238012 - `Type` property is implemented in `WarningInfo` class to get the type of the warning.
* \#238012 - `WarningType` enum is added to specify the type for the specific warning.
* \#238012 - `AlternateFontStream` property in `SubstituteFontEventArgs` class gets or sets the alternate font stream.
* \#238385 - `ExportData<T>()` method is added in `IWorksheet`, `WorksheetImpl`, `ExternWorksheetImpl` and `WorksheetGroup` classes to export worksheet data into the collection of CLR objects.
* \#F144806 - `ImportDataTable()` method is added as an overload in `WorksheetImpl`, `WorksheetGroup` and `ExternWorksheetImpl` classes with a boolean to include column headers.
* `BindableAttribute()` constructor in `BindableAttribute` class initializes a new instance that indicates whether a property is bindable.
* `Bindable` property in `BindableAttribute` class specifies the bindable attribute for a property.
* `ImportData()` method is added in `IWorksheet`, `WorksheetImpl`, `ExternWorksheetImpl` and `WorksheetGroup` classes to import data from class objects to a worksheet.
* `ExcelNestedDataLayoutOptions` enum in `enums` class specifies how to fill the group field values while importing nested collection CLR objects.
* `ExcelNestedDataGroupOptions` enum in `enums` class specifies whether the grouping is added with Collapse or Expand while importing nested collection CLR objects.
* `ExcelImportDataOptions` class is added in `IWorksheet` class to specify import data options.
* `FirstRow` property in `ExcelImportDataOptions` class specifies first row from where the data should be imported.
* `FirstColumn` property in `ExcelImportDataOptions` class specifies first column from where the data should be imported.
* `IncludeHeader` property in `ExcelImportDataOptions` class specifies whether class properties names must be imported or not.
* `IncludeHeaderParent` property in `ExcelImportDataOptions` class specifies whether parent class properties names must be imported or not.
* `NestedDataLayoutOptions` property in `ExcelImportDataOptions` class specifies how to fill the group field values while importing nested collection objects.
* `NestedDataGroupOptions` property in `ExcelImportDataOptions` class specifies whether the grouping is added with Collapse or Expand while importing nested collection objects.
* `CollapseLevel` property in `ExcelImportDataOptions` class specifies the group collapse level.


### Bug Fixes
{:#xlsio-bug-fixes}

* \#230042, \#231663 - Number and date time values are now rendered properly in Excel to PDF conversion.
* \#237114, \#237576 - Line shapes are now rendered properly when converting Excel to PDF.
* \#244941, \#245083 - Custom properties are now preserved properly on resaving the Excel document.
* \#240083 - Number alignment is now proper in Excel to PDF conversion.
* \#235971 - Chart series type is now preserved properly while saving the workbook with combination chart.
* \#240200 - Pivot table background color is now preserved properly while resaving the Excel document.
* \#240677 - Pivot chart is now preserved properly while resaving the Excel document.
* \#240083 - Chart data points will no longer be missed when converting Excel to PDF.
* \#239969 - Argument exception will no longer be thrown on opening the Excel file containing external workbook.
* \#230937 - Excel document is now converted properly while using the `OFFSET` function.
* \#236370 - DateTime value is now returned correctly in UK culture.
* \#238322 - Pivot table row header is now preserved properly when converting Excel to PDF.
* \#236131 - PivotTable will no longer be crashed on refreshing the resaved Excel file.
* \#239384 - Performance delay will no longer occur while resaving the Excel document.
* \#237809 - Conditional format formula for specific text is now updated properly while copying cells.
* \#236873 - `DisplayText` is now returned correctly when accessing the date time using formula with DDDD number format.
* \#238626 - Creating table with invalid table name will throw an exception.
* \#236136 - `PercentOfParent` option is now set correctly while creating a pivot table.
* \#237114 - AutoShape text is now rendered properly when converting Excel to PDF.
* \#239217 - Cell text with lesser than and greater than symbols are now preserved properly when converting the worksheet to HTML.
* \#236197 - Time value is now set correctly for 1904 enabled workbook.
* \#241751 - Checkboxes are now checked properly after resaving the Excel document.
* \#238322 - Grand totals of rows and columns are now preserved properly in Excel to PDF conversion.
* \#241336 - Excel document containing conditional formats will no longer be corrupted on inserting a row.
* \#237235 - Legend is now preserved properly on setting custom data label.
* \#240083 - Chart data point will no longer be missed when converting Excel to PDF.
* \#242245 - Performance has been improved while opening the SpreadsheetXML file.
* \#241403 - Vertical text alignment now works properly in Excel to PDF conversion.
* \#242613 - Japanese characters are now preserved properly in Excel to PDF conversion.
* \#242913 - Font name and font size will no longer be changed while opening the Excel document.
* \#244193 - Exception will no longer be thrown on converting the Excel document with date time to PDF.
* \#239659 - Checkbox when removed is now preserved properly.
* \#226622 - Cell value is now updated properly while coping a range from source to destination.
* \#239384 - Performance is improved while converting Excel document into PDF with conditional formatting.
* \#244535 - Filter applied columns are now auto-fitted properly.
* \#243110 - Code name is now preserved properly for XLSX files.
* \#242235 - Alternative text for chart shape is now preserved properly on resaving the Excel document.
* \#245833 - Worksheet with autoshapes is now cloned properly.
* \#243737 - Conditional format styles are now copied properly while applying marker with jump arguments.
* \#240083 - Conditional format formula is now calculated correctly in Excel to PDF conversion.
* \#244284 - Table formatting issues will no longer occur on resaving the Excel file.
* \#F144906 - Active worksheet is now unselected when multiple worksheets are selected in the Excel file.
* \#F145816 - Exception will no longer be thrown on saving the workbook after invoking the `IApplication.IsSupported()` method.
* \#F146576 - Cell with indentation will no longer be missed in worksheet to image conversion.
* Exception will no longer be thrown when getting intersect range from invalid named ranges.
* Saving the input document as xlsx file after saving it as xml document will no longer be corrupted.
* `CalcEngine` will no longer be reinitialized after performing Excel to PDF conversion.
* Legend text color is now preserved properly on saving the Excel document.
* Chart is now preserved properly on copying the worksheet using the `AddCopy()` method.
* Output Excel file will no longer be corrupted when an empty pivot table is updated with data and saved using XlsIO.
* Exception will no longer be thrown while using named range for page setup in XlsIO.
* Formula is now correct on resaving the Excel document containing formula with external workbook reference.
* Exception will no longer be thrown while converting the Excel document to PDF after resave.
