---
title: Essential Studio for ASP.NET Weekly Nuget release Release Notes  
description: Essential Studio for ASP.NET Weekly Nuget release Release Notes  
platform: aspnet
documentation: ug
---

# Essential Studio for ASP.NET  Release Notes  

{% include release-info.html date="May 28, 2019"  version="v17.1.0.49" %} 






## CircularGauge

### Bug Fixes
{:#circulargauge-bug-fixes}

*  \#236392 – The issue with background image setting has been fixed in circular gauge.


## DocIO

### Bug Fixes
{:#DocIO-bug-fixes}

* \#235770 - Checkbox symbol is now preserved properly while converting a Word document to PDF.
* \#234698 - **ArgumentOutOfRangeException** will no longer be thrown while converting a Word document to PDF.
* \#234409 - Frame content is now preserved properly while converting a Word document to PDF.
* \#233810 - Picture is now preserved properly while converting a Word document to PDF.
* \#233642 - **NullReferenceException** will no longer be thrown while converting an RTF to PDF.
* \#236156, \#234693 - Hanging issue has been resolved while converting a Word document to PDF.

## pdf

No Changes for this product in this version.

[//]: # "Delete the contents of this file while new content is added."

## Presentation

### Bug Fixes
{:#Presentation-bug-fixes}

* \#231053 - Chart data label color will not be changed while cloning a PowerPoint slide with chart.
## XlsIO

### Bug Fixes
{:#xlsio-bug-fixes}

* \#228415 - Ole object formula bar is now shown properly on resaving the Excel document with Ole object.
* \#236136 - Exception is no longer thrown while setting `PivotFieldDataFormat` as `PercentageOfParent` in pivot table.
* \#225098 - The position of form controls (CheckBox, ComboBox, OptionButton) is now updated properly on inserting row or column.
