---
title: Essential Studio for ASP.NET 2019 volume 1 Service pack 1 Release Notes  
description: Essential Studio for ASP.NET 2019 volume 1 Service pack 1 Release Notes  
platform: aspnet
documentation: ug
---

# Essential Studio for ASP.NET  Release Notes  

{% include release-info.html date=site.releasedate.2019_vol_1_SP1  version="v17.1.0.47" %} 






## Chart

### Bug Fixes
{:#chart-bug-fixes}

* \#232097 - Now, the 3-D chart is rendered properly when multilevel labels are enabled.
* \#234125 - Axis labels are now aligned properly when setting rotateOn.End and alignment to far.
* \#233802 - Exception that occurs when exporting larger data to Excel has been fixed.
## CircularGauge

### Bug Fixes
{:#circulargauge-bug-fixes}

*  \#233435 – The semi circular gauge is not rendering when the legend visible property is set to 'true' issue has been fixed.

*  \#233825 – The issue with the circular gauge is rendered small when the starting range value is equal to the minimum value of circular gauge and the ending range value is equal to the maximum value of circular gauge has been fixed.

## Common

### Bug Fixes
{:#common-bug-fixes}

* \#232243 - Routing issue while adding query string has been fixed.
## Diagram

### Bug Fixes
{:#diagram-bug-fixes}

* \#232205 - Now, the Connector is docking properly when node is nudged.
* \#228989 - The issue, "exception raised when expand/collapse the layout with multiple parents enabled" has been fixed.

## DocIO

### Bug Fixes
{:#DocIO-bug-fixes}

* \#233421 - Empty paragraph preservation issue has been resolved while replacing text with table.
* \#232599 - The **ArgumentOutOfRangeException** will no longer be thrown while opening an RTF format document.
* \#231722 - HTML end tag is now preserved properly while converting a Word document to HTML format document.
* \#231594 - Dropdown form field is now preserved properly while converting an HTML to RTF format document.    
* \#225752,\#230460,\#230460 - Line space preservation issue has been resolved when updating the Word document fields.
* \#F142931 - The DocProperty value is now preserved properly while converting a Word document as PDF.    
* \#219214,\#228161 - Merge field is now properly updated while executing Nested Mail merge.
* \#233913 - Right to left text is now preserved properly in DOCX to DOCX conversion.
* \#232775 - Header and Footer contents are now preserved properly in XML to DOCX format conversion.
* \#232718 - The Content control text is now preserved properly in DOCX to Text format conversion.
* \#F143772 - Nested bookmark is now preserved properly while opening a DOC format Word document.
* \#F143774 - Table cell contents are now preserved properly while applying horizontal merge to the table.
* \#232505 - Font is now preserved properly while converting a Word document to PDF.
* \#232502 - Content is now preserved properly while converting an RTF to HTML format conversion.
* \#232265 - Spacing issue has been resolved while converting an HTML to DOCX format document.
* \#231592 - TOC content is now preserved properly while updating table of content in Word document.
* \#231721 - The **NullReferenceException** will no longer be thrown while converting a Word document to PDF.
* \#226490 - Corruption issue has been resolved while saving the DOCX format Word document.
* \#F143006 - Text is now preserved properly while replacing the bookmark content in DOC format document.
* \#228442 - Table alignment is now cloned properly while cloning the Word document.
* \#228370 - Table styles are now preserved properly while converting an HTML to DOCX format document.
* \#226490 - Corruption issue has been resolved while saving the DOC format Word document.
* \#230678, \#228611 - The **NullReferenceException** will no longer be thrown while converting a Word document to PDF.
* \#229685 - Table border is now preserved properly while converting a Word document to PDF.
* \#229738 - Text is now preserved properly while converting a Word document to PDF.
* \#231056 - Border is now preserved properly while converting a Word document to PDF.
* \#231712 – The **NullReferenceException** will be no longer thrown while updating fields in the Word document.
* \#231056 - Text overlapping issue has been resolved while converting a Word document to PDF.
* \#F142888, \#229094 - Table cell borders are now preserved properly while converting a Word document to PDF.
* \#228272 - Table border is now preserved properly while converting an RTF format document to PDF.
* \#227754 - Multiple TOC page numbers are updated properly while calling the UpdateTableOfContents method.
* \#231550 - Performance has been improved while converting a Word document to PDF.
* \#231426 - Hanging issue has been resolved while converting a Word document to PDF.
* \#229685 - Font is now embedded properly while converting a Word document to PDF.
* \#229891 - Hanging issue has been resolved while converting a Word document to PDF.
* \#228974 - Ref field result is now preserved properly while updating the Word document fields.
* \#228974 - Unknown field result is now preserved properly while updating the Word document fields.
* \#228968 - Hanging issue has been resolved while updating the Word document fields.
* \#231751 - Space is now preserved properly while converting a Word document to PDF.
* \#227429 - Border is now preserved properly while converting a Word document to PDF.
* \#228386 - Text with capital style is now preserved properly while converting a Word document to PDF.
* \#228319 - Page border is now preserved properly while converting a Word document to PDF.
* \#212671, \#212772, \#220859, \#230072, \#232381 - List style name is now updated properly while opening and saving a Word document.

## Grid

### Bug Fixes
{:#grid-bug-fixes}

* \#231153 - PageSizeList DropDown value is maintained properly while using ServerEvents.

## PDF

### Bug Fixes
{:#pdf-bug-fixes}

*	\#231273 - Free text and polygon annotation are now preserving properly while flattening the PDF document.
*	\#231625 - Review status is now preserving properly while exporting or importing the annotations.
*	\#231273 - Object null reference exception no longer occurs while flattening the PDF documents.
*	\#231795, \#231668, \#231273, \#233045 - Review status and layer are now preserving properly while importing annotations from the XFDF file.
*	\#226015 - Grouped annotations are now preserving properly while importing or exporting the annotations.
*	\#232559 - PDF form fields are now cloned properly.
*	\#233194 – Text is now preserving properly while filling form fields.
*	\#232920 – Text is now preserving properly while filling the XFA form fields.
*	\#232477, \#232754 - Application will no longer crash while importing pages from the PDF document.
*	\#228012, \#231381 - Form fields are now preserving properly when loading a PDF document in different instances.
*	\#226230 - Form fields will never be missing while importing pages from a PDF document.
*	\#232496 - File size will no longer increase while continuously saving a PDF document.
*	\#233102 – Invalid cast exception will no longer occur while flattening the combo box fields.
*	\#233004 – Form fields size is now preserving properly while flattening form fields.
*	\#231901, \#228043 - Annotations are now flattened properly in a PDF document.
*	\#231965, \#231964 - Now, you will get proper exception messages while creating the QR barcodes with incorrect values.
*	\#230688 - Document will no longer corrupt while saving the encrypted PDF document.
*	\#230368 – Font names are getting properly while using the PdfUsedFont instance.
*	\#230023 - Output document will no longer corrupt while loading the PDF documents.
*	\#229260 - The redaction position is now proper while applying redaction in an existing PDF document.
*	\#229270 - Alternate text for images will no longer be removed while saving a PDF document.
*	\#228375 - Annotations are now preserved properly while flatting them.
*	\#228619 - Null reference exception will no longer occur while saving the PDF documents with annotation and redaction. 
*	\#228486 - Key not found exception will no longer occur while loading PDF document. 
*	\#227803 - Document information is now removed properly while passing empty string. 
*	\#232754 - Exception will no longer occur while importing pages from existing PDF document. 
*	\#228072 - Preservation issue will no longer occur while converting a Word document to PDF. 
*	\#226539 - Ligature characters are now preserved properly while converting XPS to PDF. 
*	\#227803 - PDF document will no longer corrupt while applying redaction. 
*	\#228202, \#228667 - Output document will no longer corrupt while merging the PDF documents. 
*	\#228635, \#226614 - Exception will no longer occurs while obtaining destination from annotation. 
*	\#231550 - Performance has been improved while converting a Word document to PDF. 
*	\#229685 - Font substitution issue will no longer occur while converting a Word document to PDF.
*	\#231801 - Exception will no longer occur while opening 256-bit protected document in Nuance PDF.
*	\#228341 - Code 128, code 32, and code 93 extended barcodes are now rendered properly. 
*	\#228336 - Null reference exception will no longer occur while merging the PDF documents.
*	\#224584 – Parameter is not valid exception will no longer occur while performing redaction on the OCR'ed documents.
*	\#227845 - Acroform fields tab index is now retrieved properly. 
*	\#229922, \#234322 – Color is now preserving properly while using PDF linear gradient brush with vertical mode.
*	\#229746 – Null reference exception will no longer occur while loading the XFA PDF document.


## PdfViewer

### Features
{:#pdfviewer-features}

* \#228936 – Removed the temporary file stored in the temp folder while calling the Unload() method.
* \#F143902 – Provided the supports for saving the XFA form fields.


### Bug Fixes
{:#pdfviewer-bug-fixes}

* \#221804 - Height of the PDF Viewer control is now maintained properly while using inside the tab control.
* \#232759 - Form fields are now rendered in proper position for the provided PDF document.
* \#233028 - Selection is now maintained properly, when double clicking outside the PDF Viewer container.
* \#227803, \#229474 - Find Text method now returning correct values when calling inside a loop.

## PivotGrid

### Features
{:#pivotgrid-features}

* \#233372 - Delimiter option can be customized now while exporting the PivotGrid control in CSV format.
## Presentation

### Bug Fixes
{:#Presentation-bug-fixes}

* \#212572, \#229361 - The group-shapes will now be rendered properly if vertical or horizontal flips applied along with rotations.
* \#229361 - Table cell background is now properly applied for vertically merged cells in PowerPoint to PDF conversion.
* \#232725 - The NullReferenceException will no longer be thrown while converting PowerPoint to PDF.
* \#231624 - OLE objects will now be converted properly in PowerPoint to PDF conversion.
* \#230386 - The StackOverflowException will no longer be thrown while accessing paragraph font color.
* \#230575 - Formatting will be preserved properly after clone and merge a PowerPoint slide with destination theme.
* \#230666 - The Metafile image rendering is now skipped properly in Azure environment by avoiding OutOfMemoryException.
## Spreadsheet

### Features
{:#ejspreadsheet-features}

* Provided support for Insert/Delete option in Discontinuous named range.
* Provided support for maintain the Page Setup while importing and exporting.
* Provided method for getVisibleCellDetails.
* Provided support for import/export in formulas contains sheet name with special characters.

## XlsIO

### Features
{:#xlsio-features}

* \#227983 - Exception, "Text length cannot be more than 32767" can be ignored using `ExcludeAdditionalCharacters` flag.

### Breaking Changes
{:#xlsio-breaking-changes}

* \#227983 - `ExcludeAdditionalCharacters` has been added in `IApplication` class to ignore exception and exclude characters more than 32767 (maximum allowed characters) in a cell text.


### Bug Fixes
{:#xlsio-bug-fixes}

* \#F144022, \#224520 - Conditional formatting formula with sheet reference is now proper.
* \#227766, \#231068 - Chart legend in now rendered properly while changing the chart type.
* \#232040, \#232682 - Cell background color is now rendered properly on converting XML to XLSX format.
* \#229121 - Picture name is now updated proper after removing a picture and inserting a new picture.
* \#226753 - Exception is no longer thrown while opening Excel file with formula in Dutch culture.
* \#230294 - Picture created with camera tool is now properly changed with `INDIRECT()` formula.
* \#230697 - After accessing the used range, relative range indexer is now working proper.
* \#231469 - Application no longer hangs while opening Excel file with picture that has unsupported element.
* \#226860 - Performance will not degrade on exporting a range to a data table multiple times.
* \#229117 - Named range index is updated properly while copying ranges from two different workbooks.
* \#228853 - Footer value in source worksheet no longer changes while modifying footer in cloned worksheet.
* \#228560 - Null reference exception is no longer thrown while cloning the workbook.
* \#224793 - Extra pages are no longer added with `FitAllColumnsOnOnePage` layout setting in Excel to PDF conversion.
* \#231271 - Timestamp is preserved in zip file.
* \#227209 - Argument out of range exception is no longer thrown while applying template marker with `UnKnownVariableAction.ReplaceBlank`.
* \#232727 - Argument exception is no longer thrown while opening Excel file with `IgnoreErrors`.
* \#228711 - Performance will not degrade on exporting data from Grid to Excel.
* \#226133 - ArgumentOutOfRangeException is no longer thrown while accessing a range from cloned workbook.
* \#225831 - NullReferenceException is no longer thrown while converting worksheet to PDF.
* \#229460 - Exception is no longer thrown while converting Excel to PDF with hyperlink.
* \#231882 - Performance will not degrade on exporting pivot grid to Excel.
* \#232040 - Cell Styles are preserved properly after resaving the output file with Microsoft Excel.
* \#232473 - Macro name is now set properly in shapes.
* \#227998 - Pivot table with tabular layout no longer increases the page count in Excel to PDF conversion.
* \#230759 - Conditional formatting with discontinuous range is now preserved properly in Excel to PDF conversion.
* \#229528 - Exception is no longer thrown while opening a re-saved Excel document with `ExcelIgnoreError` option.
* \#232105 - Radar chart is now rendered properly while converting to image.
* \#F141716 - Exception is no longer thrown while opening the Excel file when a namespace is not defined.
* \#F142864 - Exception is no longer thrown while accessing `IRange.Value` property in multi threading.
* \#F143467 - Argument null exception is no longer thrown while converting Excel to PDF.

