---
title: Essential Studio for ASP.NET Weekly Nuget Release Release Notes  
description: Essential Studio for ASP.NET Weekly Nuget Release Release Notes  
platform: aspnet
documentation: ug
---

# Essential Studio for ASP.NET  Release Notes  

{% include release-info.html date="October 15, 2019"  version="v17.3.0.17" %} 






## DocIO

### Bug Fixes
{:#DocIO-bug-fixes}

* \#246022 - The List value is now preserved properly when open and save the Word document with track changes enabled.
* \#249004 - Border is now preserved properly while converting a Word document to PDF.
* \#249004 - Autofit textbox is now preserved properly while converting a Word document to PDF.
* \#246771 - Header content is now preserved properly while converting a Word document to PDF.
* \#249288 - Table content is now preserved properly while converting a Word document to PDF.
* \#247476 - The **NullReferenceException** will no longer be thrown while converting the Word document to PDF.
* \#249734 - Blank page is now preserved properly while converting a Word document to PDF.
## pdf

No Changes for this product in this version.

[//]: # "Delete the contents of this file while new content is added."

## Presentation

No Changes for this product in this version.

[//]: # "Delete the contents of this file while new content is added."

## XlsIO

### Bug Fixes
{:#xlsio-bug-fixes}

* \#248627, \#249737 - `FormulaHidden` property now works properly while saving Excel file in binary format.
* \#240237 - Diamond shape inside the text box is now preserved properly while resaving the Excel document.
* \#246292 - Exception raised while Excel file with duplicate hyperlink relation is now resolved.
* \#246462 - Unicode languages are now rendered properly in Excel to PDF conversion.
* \#248378 - Super script is now rendered properly in Excel to PDF conversion.
* \#240237 - Text within the shapes are now arranged properly in Excel to PDF conversion.
* \#245763 - Performance issue in Excel to PDF conversion is resolved.

Exception thrown while saving Excel document in CSV format is resolved.
Rotation angle for text in Text box is now proper in Excel to PDF conversion.
Date format for `m/d/yyyy h:mm` is now properly preserved in Excel to PDF conversion.

