---
title: Essential Studio for ASP.NET 2020 volume 2 Main Release Notes  
description: Essential Studio for ASP.NET 2020 volume 2 Main Release Notes  
platform: aspnet
documentation: ug
---

# Essential Studio for ASP.NET  Release Notes  

{% include release-info.html date="July 7, 2020"  version="v18.2.0.44" %} 






## Autocomplete

### Bug Fixes
{:#autocomplete-bug-fixes}

* \#275844 - The issue with “Selected values are duplicated in visual mode after second postback” has been resolved.
## DocIO

### Features
{:#DocIO-features}

* \#266742 - Provided support to select the column range for bookmarks inside tables in Word documents using FirstColumn and LastColumn APIs.
* \#104484, \#110940, \#189107, \#107422 - Provided support to preserve all the revisions of track changes information in a Word document.
* \#102916, \#237540, \#260149 - Provided support for updating Sequence fields in a Word document.
* \#201860, \#201718, \#205172, \#206374, \#208660, \#209182, \#215558, \#245097, \#274078, \#275710 - Provided support to preserve the mathematical equations (MathML) in Word to PDF/Image conversion.
* \#272770 - Provided support to detect a font from theme for complex script characters in Word to PDF/Image conversion.

### Bug Fixes
{:#DocIO-bug-fixes}

* \#250042 - Paragraph style is now preserved properly while open and save the DOCX format Word document.
* \#267826 - Picture Watermark is now preserved properly while clone and merge the DOC format Word document.
* \#269662 - The **NullReferenceException** will no longer be thrown while closing the Word document.
* \#267398 - Table is now preserved properly while converting a Word document to PDF
* \#270030 - Bookmark is now preserved properly inside the Text content Control while open and save the DOCX format Word document.
* \#272560, \#266791 - List numbers are now preserved properly while open and save the DOCX format Word document.
* \#271175 - List type is now set properly while parsing the HTML file.
* \#271988 - The **NullReferenceException** will no longer be thrown while opening a DOCX format Word document.
* \#F152998 - BeforeClearGroupFieldEventArgs now returns the proper merge field names while performing Mail merge in a Word document.
* \#271634 - The **NullReferenceException** will no longer be thrown while saving a DOCX format Word document.
* \#271695, \#272438, \#272430 - The **NullReferenceException** will no longer be thrown while performing Mail merge in a Word document.
* \#273310 - Left indent is now preserved properly while converting an HTML file to Word document.
* \#272621 - Table cell width is now preserved properly while converting a Word document to PDF.
* \#273378 - Background image is now preserved properly when converting a Word document to HTML file.
* \#274152 - Content control mapped text is preserved properly while converting a Word document to PDF.
* \#273378, \#273856 - Background image is now preserved properly when converting RTF to DOCX format document.
* \#267834 - Table cell background is now preserved properly while Converting a HTML file to Word document.
* \#273858 - Text color is now preserved properly while resaving a Word document with background image.
* \#274432 - Protect Word document from editing is now preserved properly while resaving a DOCX format document.
* \#274414 - The **NullReferenceException** will no longer be thrown while opening a DOCX format document.
* \#274927 - GridSpan values of cell is now retrieved properly while opening a DOC format Word document.
* \#275320 - **Invalid length for a base-64 char array or string exception** will no longer be thrown while mapping a picture for picture content control in Word document.
* \#276788 - The **InvalidOperationException** will be no longer thrown while opening a RTF format document.
* \#276053 - LegalStyleNumbering will be preserved properly while resaving a DOCX format document.
* \#276105 - The OleObject of Link Field is now preserved properly while resaving a DOCX format document.
* \#275893 - The alternate chunk is now updated properly while converting a Word document to PDF.
* \#274393 - The **NullReferenceException** will no longer be thrown while replacing the bookmark content.
* \#277006 - Repeating section content control is now preserved properly while converting a Word document to PDF.
* \#277830 - Table cell borders are now preserved properly while resaving a RTF format document.
* \#272438, \#273336 - The **ArgumentOutOfRangeException** will no longer be thrown while converting a Word document to PDF.
* \#266244 - Text is now preserved with proper alignment while converting a Word document to PDF.
* \#268875, \#271698, \#274381 - Hanging issue has been resolved while converting a Word document to PDF.
* \#268875 - Picture is now preserved properly while converting a Word document to PDF.
* \#270030, \#271941 - Image is now preserved properly while converting a Word document to PDF.
* \#267958 - Text is now wrapped properly while converting a Word document to PDF.
* \#268928, \#273361 - Text is now preserved properly while converting a Word document to PDF.
* \#272436 - Font substitution event **OriginalFontName** property will not return **majorHAnsi** while converting a Word document to PDF.
* \#272754 - Textbox is now preserved properly while converting a Word document to PDF.
* \#F152680, \#279294 - Text is now preserved properly while converting a Word document to PDF.
* \#271667, \#268266 - The **NullReferenceException** will no longer be thrown while converting a Word document to PDF.
* \#271333 - Bullet list is now preserved properly while converting a Word document to PDF.
* \#263739, \#274914 - Text around the table is now wrapped properly while converting a Word document to PDF.
* \#F137285 - Image is now preserved properly while converting a Word document to PDF.
* \#274045 - Border is now preserved properly while converting a Word document to PDF.
* \#277180 - Arabic text is now preserved properly while converting a Word document to PDF.
* \#F154567 - The **FormatException** will no longer be thrown while converting a Word document to PDF.
* \#278496 - The footer content is now preserved properly while converting Word document to PDF.
* \#276330 - The Empty page preservation issue has been resolved while converting a Word document to PDF.
* \#274743 - Line alignment is now preserved properly while converting a Word document to PDF.
* \#274379 - The table is now preserved properly while converting a Word document to PDF.

## pdf

### Features
{:#PDF-Features}

* \#268014 – Provided support to add cloud annotations in PDF document. 
* \#269848 – Provided support to retrieve the exact boundaries of the highlight annotation in a PDF document.
* \#267968 – Added support to get the ColorSpace details for each page in an existing PDF document.            
* \#264832 – Added support to remove the document modified date for an existing PDF document.
* \#273977 – Added support to provide options to validate the digital signatures in an existing PDF document.
* \#276918 - Added support to set the language for tagged PDF.
* \#276260 - Added support to validate the signature with the PSS algorithm.
* \#275396 - Added support to draw the text with the same baseline for different fonts.
* \#274224 - Added support to extend the margin when merging the PDF documents.


### Bug Fixes
{:#PDF-bug-fixes}

* \#271164 – Exception no longer occurs when saving the document after removing annotations. 
* \#261704 – Bookmark will be reflected properly after removing bookmarks. 
* \#259394 – Ink annotation will be preserved properly while flattening annotation. 
* \#273970 – Modified date will be retrieved properly from the input PDF document. 
* \#271463 – Exception no longer occurs when accessing layers from existing PDF document. 
* \#274280 – Exception no longer occurs when creating tables concurrently
* \#272832 – Exception no longer occurs when removing layers from existing PDF document. 
* \#272411 – Text will be preserved properly in `Word to PDF` conversion. 
* \#272840 – Layer name will be changed properly in existing PDF document. 
* \#251733 – Barcode background and quite zones will be preserved properly. 
* \#271614 – Image will be preserved properly in `Word to PDF` conversion. 
* \#266186 – Lines will be preserved properly in `Word to PDF` conversion.
* \#270437 – Form fields will be flattened properly in existing PDF document. 
* \#246796 – Fields and special characters preserved properly while import and signing the PDF documents. 
* \#269887 – PDF documents will be merged properly in different order. 
* \#269711 – PDF document title will be preserved properly with Swedish characters on A1B conversion. 
* \#269495 – Form field values will be preserved properly after disabling default appearance. 
* \#269472 – `ArgumentException` no longer occurs when saving the PDF document.
* \#274606 – `UriFormatException` no longer occurs when converting HTML string to PDF in Linux docker. 
* \#272045 – Auto tag will be work properly for `PdfPageNumberField`, `PdfPageCountField`, and `PdfCompositeField`.
* \#269907 – Exception no longer occurs when processing the `PdfTemplates` in Azure Durable Function.
* \#269961 – `PdfGrid` with column span and row span will pass the accessibility check on acrobat. 
* \#246796 – Special characters will be preserved properly on form flattening. 
* \#F152770 – Added support to set the border width to zero for grid cells. 
* `PdfLoadedTextBoxField` properly will be reflected properly in PDF document.
* \#278918 – The application hanging issue no longer occurs when importing pages from an existing PDF document.
* \#279519 – The text box fields will be removed properly in an existing PDF document.
* \#275636 – The dropdown field value will be preserved properly when flattening it.
* \#273970 – The modified date will be retrieved properly from the input PDF document.
* \#280499, I278376 – Null reference exception will no longer occur when saving a PDF document.
* \#154898 – GDI+ error no longer occurs when adding HTML styled text to the PDF grid.
* \#278376 – Exception no longer occurs when getting an annotation count.
* \#279341 – Bookmarks will be removed properly for a particular PDF document.
* \#278849 – The form fields flatten will be preserved properly in an existing PDF document.
* \#276260 – Signature validation will be working properly when checks twice.
* \#278317 – Bookmarks characters will be preserved properly when saving an existing PDF document.
* \#275413 – Exception no longer occurs when saving a PDF document.
* \#275975, 27597 – Certificate will be retrieved properly in the existing PDF document.
* \#267968 – Exception no longer occurs when retrieving ColorSpace from the existing PDF page.
* \#154858 – Exception no longer occurs when exporting form fields.
* \#277376, 273510 – The preservation issue no longer occurs when flattening form fields.
* \#275975 – The application hanging issue no longer occurs when validating the digital signature.
* \#275940 – Exception no longer occurs in Adobe reader when opening the imported annotation document.
* \#275947 – The `NextPage` property of the EndPageLayout event will be working properly in the `PdfLightTable`.
* \#274456 – Text will be preserved properly when setting expansion text to the PDF structure element.
* \#154141 – The preservation issue no longer occurs when drawing `PdfGrid` using `DataSource`.
* \#274617 – Replace font will be properly working in an existing PDF document.
* \#280028 – Dot lines will be preserved properly when converting Word to PDF.
* \#280028 – Images will be preserved properly when converting Word to PDF.
* \#280101 – PDF to PDF/A-1b conversion will be working properly in a particular PDF document.
* \#276785 – Preservation issue will no longer occur when converting PDF to PDF/A-1b.
* \#279512 - Exception will no longer occur when converting PDF to PDF/A-1b.
* \#278632, 276785 – Conformance will be passed when converting PDF to PDF/A-1b.
* \#275581 – The Repeat table header will be preserved properly when converting an HTML string to PDF.
* \#276057 – Conformance will never fail when signing a PDF/A-1a document.
* \#274889 – The performance issue will no longer occur when converting XPS to PDF document.
* \#272770 – The complex script characters will be rendered properly when converting EMF to PDF.
* \#272441 – Curves will be preserved properly when converting EMF to PDF documents.
* \#271740 – The preservation issue no longer occurs when exporting barcode as an image.
* \#268651 – Conformance will never fail when signing a PDF/A-1b document.
* \#271833 – `FieldOfView` will be working properly in `Pdf3DProjection`.
* \#276522 – Memory leak no longer occurs when performing OCR with version 4.1.
* \#253805 – Exception no longer occurs when performing Tesseract OCR 4.1 in multi-threading.
## Presentation

### Features
{:#Presentation-features}

* \#F149477, \#272939 - Provided support to extract the embedded OLE Object data from the PowerPoint presentation.
* \#274076 - Exposed the `OfficeChart` API to gets the `IOfficeChart` instance of `IPresentationChart`.

### Bug Fixes
{:#Presentation-bug-fixes}

* \#274637 - The PowerPoint presentation will no longer be corrupted while adding a cloned slide within section.
* \#273501 - Row and column span will be applied properly while saving the PowerPoint presentation.
* \#271751 - Table cell border will be applied properly while saving the PowerPoint presentation.
* \#279171 - The **ArgumentException** will no longer be thrown while opening the PowerPoint presentation with handout master.
* \#280471 - The **FormatException** will no longer be thrown while opening the PowerPoint presentation with custom geometry path.
* \#278512 - The **IndexOutOfRangeException** will no longer be thrown while opening the PowerPoint presentation with corrupted picture.
* \#278516 - The RTL text will be preserved properly while converting a PowerPoint Presentation to Image.

## TreeView

### Bug Fixes
{:#treeview-bug-fixes}

* \#274377 - The issue with “Changing isChecked fields with same set of dataSource does not update checkboxes” has been resolved. 
## XlsIO

### Features
{:#xlsio-features}

* \#79793, \#84408, \#52130, \#127002, \#140449, \#165919, \#187729, \#192039, \#211086, \#192225, \#203009, \#221785, \#231111, \#263880 - Read and write XLSB files is now supported.
* \#171164 -Support has been provided for comments in Excel to PDF conversion.
* \#276170 - The `Weight` property is exposed to get or set chart border width in decimal.
* \#270830 - The `RenderBySheet` property is exposed to get or set whether the PDF rendering to be done sheet-by-sheet.
* Exporting Excel data as JSON is now supported.
* Conversion of HTML tables to Excel worksheets is now supported.

### Breaking Changes
{:#xlsio-breaking-changes}

* \#79793, \#84408, \#52130, \#127002, \#140449, \#165919, \#187729, \#192039, \#211086, \#192225, \#203009, \#221785, \#231111, \#263880 - `SaveAsXLSB` is added as an enumeration value in `ExcelSaveType` to save the workbook into XLSB format.
* \#276170 - The `Weight` property in `IChartBorder` interface gets or sets the border line weight as number.
* \#278057 - The `IsFormula` property in `IChartDataLabels` interface and `IChartTextArea` interface gets or sets a value indicating whether this instance is a formula.
* \#270830 - The `RenderBySheet` property in `ExcelToPdfConverterSettings` class gets or sets a boolean value to indicate whether the PDF rendering to be done sheet-by-sheet or not.
* The `ImportHtmlTable(String,Int32,Int32)` method in `IWorksheet` interface and `WorksheetImpl` class imports HTML table of a HTML file into worksheet from the specified row and column.
* The `ImportHtmlTable(Stream,Int32,Int32)` method in `IWorksheet` interface and `WorksheetImpl` class imports HTML table of a file stream into worksheet from the specified row and column.
* The `SaveAsJson(String)` method in `IWorkbook` interface and `WorkbookImpl` class saves the workbook to a JSON file.
* The `SaveAsJson(String,Boolean)` method in `IWorkbook` interface and `WorkbookImpl` class saves the workbook to a JSON file as schema.
* The `SaveAsJson(String,IRange)` method in `IWorkbook` interface and `WorkbookImpl` class saves the worksheet to a JSON file.
* The `SaveAsJson(String,IRange,Boolean)` method in `IWorkbook` interface and `WorkbookImpl` class saves the worksheet to a JSON file as schema.
* The `SaveAsJson(String,IWorksheet)` method in `IWorkbook` interface and `WorkbookImpl` class saves the range to a JSON file.
* The `SaveAsJson(String,IWorksheet,Boolean)` method in `IWorkbook` interface and `WorkbookImpl` class saves the range to a JSON file as schema.
* The `SaveAsJson(Stream)` method in `IWorkbook` interface and `WorkbookImpl` class saves the workbook to a JSON file stream.
* The `SaveAsJson(Stream,Boolean)` method in `IWorkbook` interface and `WorkbookImpl` class saves the workbook to a JSON file stream as schema.
* The `SaveAsJson(Stream,IRange)` method in `IWorkbook` interface and `WorkbookImpl` class saves the worksheet to a JSON file stream.
* The `SaveAsJson(Stream,IRange,Boolean)` method in `IWorkbook` interface and `WorkbookImpl` class saves the worksheet to a JSON file stream as schema.
* The `SaveAsJson(Stream,IWorksheet)` method in `IWorkbook` interface and `WorkbookImpl` class saves the range to a JSON file stream.
* The `SaveAsJson(Stream,IWorksheet,Boolean)` method in `IWorkbook` interface and `WorkbookImpl` class saves the range to a JSON file stream as schema.

### Bug Fixes
{:#xlsio-bug-fixes}

* \#269069, \#269181 - Named range index is now updated properly in ArrayFormula while copying two different worksheets.
* \#271034, \#276058 - The `ImportDataTable()` method with preserve type is now working properly for decimal values in German culture.
* \#269362 - Exception will no longer be thrown on applying fill color to group shapes with chart.
* \#273596 - Exception is no longer thrown while opening Excel files with invalid named range.
* \#272551 - Excel file is no longer corrupted on re-saving the document with pivot table.
* \#264179 - Table location and cell values are now updated properly when refreshing a table.
* \#273303 - Exception is no longer thrown while applying borders to specific cells.
* \#267912 - Text in Textbox is now rendered properly in Excel-to-PDF conversion.
* \#267767 - Exception is no longer thrown while parsing Excel documents with chart.
* \#270176 - Exception is no longer thrown while setting invalid HTML string to a cell.
* \#264179 - Tables and its formatting are preserved in proper location after refreshing tables in Microsoft Excel.
* \#272331 - AutoFilter is now applied properly if the row above the filter range is merged.
* \#274309 - Exception is no longer thrown in Excel-to-HTML conversion with entire row merged.
* \#274125 - Timeout exception is no longer thrown while refreshing Excel tables.
* \#269448 - Sorting grand total column in pivot table is now correct.
* \#271999 - Performance is improved on rendering RTF text in Excel-to-PDF conversion.
* \#273303 - Exception is no longer thrown while applying border to specific cells.
* \#276286 - Number Format is no longer missed in whole column while re-saving an Excel file.
* \#274992 - Conditional formatting with relative formula is now applied properly in Excel-to-PDF conversion.
* \#275640 - Import from nested collections with class object is now working proper.
* \#278057 - Exception is no longer thrown while setting conditional formula in non-English cultures.
* \#275498 - Cell text is now proper in PDF when setting formula value using XlsIO.
* \#278259 - Setting a font to individual data label font is now proper.
* \#278644 - Data validation in alternative content is no longer missed in the output document while re-saving.
* \#278469 - Data table formula is now preserved on re-saving an Excel document.
* \#F152563 - Performance is improved when data validation is applied to more number of rows and columns.
* \#F153527 - Exception is no longer thrown while creating ListObjects in Excel file that is already saved using XlsIO.
* \#F154230 - Chart title and data label text can now be set with a formula.
* Issue with pivot table in-line formatting is fixed.
* Textbox and autoshape fill color is now preserved properly while applying fill color to group shape.
