---
title: Essential Studio for ASP.NET Weekly Nuget Release Release Notes  
description: Essential Studio for ASP.NET Weekly Nuget Release Release Notes  
platform: aspnet
documentation: ug
---

# Essential Studio for ASP.NET  Release Notes  

{% include release-info.html date="March 23, 2021"  version="v18.4.0.49" %} 






## DocIO

### Bug Fixes
{:#DocIO-bug-fixes}

* \#317425 - Track changes options are now preserved properly while resaving the protected DOCX format document.
* \#316710 - Mail merge is now executed properly in a Word document.
* \#317514 - Document will no longer corrupted while resaving a DOCX format document.
* \#317998 - The **StackOverflowException** will no longer be thrown when calling `UpdateDocumentFields()` method.
## PDF

### Bug Fixes
{:#PDF-bug-fixes}

* \#316641 – `NullReferenceException` will no longer occurs when importing pages from PDF document.
* \#319342 – Exception will no longer occurs while getting page count in existing PDF document.  
* \#317402 - Content will be preserved properly while converting EMF to PDF. 
* \#312876 – File size will not be increased while replacing the resized image. 
* \#317288 – PdfPageRotation will be working properly in a PDF document. 
* \#316756, \#318226 – File size will be optimized properly with Pdf compression options. 
* \#317818 – Exception will no longer occurs while converting PDF to PDF A2B.
* \#315861 – Exception will no longer occurs while loading PDF document in open and repair mode. 
* \#F163244 – Content will be preserved properly while converting Word to PDF conversion. 

## Presentation

No Changes for this product in this version.

[//]: # "Delete the contents of this file while new content is added."

## XlsIO

### Bug Fixes
{:#xlsio-bug-fixes}

* \#316214 - Text box text in chart is now preserved properly while resaving the Excel document.
* \#315334 - Exception is no longer thrown while applying template markers with more than one variable.
* \#318141 - Chart data label is now preserved properly while resaving the Excel document.
* \#318009 - Worksheet images are parsed when reading the workbook with ParseOnDemand option.
* \#318387 - Chart data range is now updated while inserting rows in the worksheet.
* Text in the textbox with formula is preserved properly when resaving the Excel document.
