---
title: Essential Studio for ASP.NET Weekly Nuget Release Release Notes  
description: Essential Studio for ASP.NET Weekly Nuget Release Release Notes  
platform: aspnet
documentation: ug
---

# Essential Studio for ASP.NET  Release Notes  

{% include release-info.html date="January 12, 2021"  version="v18.4.0.34" %} 






## DocIO

### Bug Fixes
{:#DocIO-bug-fixes}

* \#306498 - Table left indent is now properly preserved while converting a RTF format document to PDF.
* \#306498 - Table cell width is now properly preserved while converting a RTF format document to PDF.
* \#303897 – Performance has been improved while converting a Word document to PDF with line breaks.
* \#307596 - Table row is now preserved properly while converting a Word document to PDF.
* \#307074 – The **NullReferenceException** will no longer occurs when rendering table cell border in Word to PDF conversion.
* Column spacing is now properly while converting a Word document to PDF.
* Editable ranges is now preserved properly for content controls while resaving a Word document.
## pdf

No Changes for this product in this version.

[//]: # "Delete the contents of this file while new content is added."

## Presentation

### Bug Fixes
{:#Presentation-bug-fixes}

* \#306486, \#301595 - Line spacing is now applied properly while converting a PowerPoint presentation to PDF.
* \#306482 - Arrow cap is now preserved properly while converting a PowerPoint presentation to PDF.
* \#307319 - Picture quality get improved while converting a PowerPoint presentation to PDF.
## XlsIO

### Bug Fixes
{:#xlsio-bug-fixes}

* \#308429 - Corruption no longer occurs while opening the file with pivot table using Excel 2013.
* \#307768 - Exception is no longer thrown when refreshing the table with external connection.
* MissingManifestResourceException is no longer thrown when parsing the Excel document.
* Null reference exception is no longer thrown while getting the `RowHeight` in Excel to PDF conversion.
