---
title: Essential Studio for ASP.NET 2020 volume 4 SP1 Release Notes  
description: Essential Studio for ASP.NET 2020 volume 4 SP1 Release Notes  
platform: aspnet
documentation: ug
---

# Essential Studio for ASP.NET  Release Notes  

{% include release-info.html date="January 28, 2021"  version="v18.4.0.39" %} 







## DocIO

### Bug Fixes
{:#DocIO-bug-fixes}

* \#309545 - Hanging issue has been resolved while converting a Word document to PDF.
* \#309412 - The **ArgumentOutOfRangeException** will no longer be thrown when converting Word document to PDF.
* Column spacing is now properly while converting a Word document to PDF.
* \#305623 - Chinese characters are now preserved properly while resaving a RTF format document.
* \#297755, \#302215 - ChildShape positions value is now preserved properly while opening a Word document.
* \#307506 - Text background color is now preserved properly while converting a Word document to HTML file.	
* \#160177 - The **XmlException** will no longer be thrown while opening a Word document.
* \#306696 - Page break is now preserved properly while converting a HTML file to DOCX format conversion.
* Editable ranges is now preserved properly for content controls while resaving a Word document.
* \#305864 - Content formatting is now preserved properly while resaving a Word document.
* \#306498 - Table left indent is now properly preserved while converting a RTF format document to PDF.
* \#307241 - The **NullReferenceException** will no longer be thrown while opening a Word document.
* \#306319 - Content is now preserved properly while converting a DOCX to RTF format document.
* \#304956 - Content is now preserved properly while converting a Word document to PDF.
* \#305716 - Content controls is now preserved properly while resaving a Word document.
* \#159692 - The `XHTMLValidation.None` type is now working properly while opening an HTML format document.
* \#305277 - The **ArgumentOutOfRangeException** will no longer be thrown while parsing a Word document.
* \#306345 - Symbol is now preserved properly while updating table of content in Word document.
* \#306333 - Image is now preserved properly while calling `UpdateAlternateChunks ()` method.
* \#306112 - Bullet list text is now preserved properly when resaving a Word document.
* \#306498, \#308557 - Table cell width is now preserved properly while converting a RTF format document to PDF.
* \#301823 - Table with horizontally merged cells in now preserved properly while parsing an RTF format document.
* \#302503 - Table is now properly preserved while converting a Word document to PDF.
* \#301968, \#306120 - Document is now preserved properly while importing the Word documents.
* \#302177 - The **ArgumentOutOfRangeException** will no longer be thrown while resaving a Word document.
* \#301208 - Font is now preserved properly when resaving a RTF format document.
* \#294075, \#305802 - Grid span values is now retrieved properly while parsing a RTF format document.
* \#258777 - Table is now properly preserved while converting a Word document to PDF. 
* \#308191 - Hanging will no longer occur while converting a Word document to PDF in specific culture.
* \#308099 - Right aligned textbox content is now preserved properly while converting a Word document to PDF.
* \#308058 - Spacing issue has been resolved while converting a Word document to PDF.
* \#305519 - Image is now preserved properly while converting a Word document to PDF.
* \#307596, \#I306667, \#I304349 - Table is now preserved properly while converting a Word document to PDF
* \#307074 - The **NullReferenceException** will no longer be thrown while converting a Word document to PDF.
* \#306359 - Custom list number is now preserved properly while converting a Word document to PDF.
* \#304956 - Paragraph is now preserved properly while converting a Word document to PDF.
* \#307074 - Vertical text in the vertically merged cell is now preserved properly while converting a Word document to PDF.
* \#303897 - Process time is now reduced while converting a Word document to PDF with line breaks.
* \#301907 - Text is now preserved properly while converting a Word document to Image.
## PDF

### Bug Fixes
{:#PDF-bug-fixes}

* \#308613 – Exception will no longer occurs when load and save the existing PDF document. 
* \#307124 - Radio button field bounds will be retrieved properly from an existing PDF document. 
* \#307610 - NullReferenceException no longer occurs with `IsBlank` property. 
* \#304924 – Form fields will be preserved properly when flatten the PDF document. 
* \#310407 – `PdfJavaScript` actions will be removed properly in existing PDF document. 
* \#308993 – Hash value will be returned properly for same PDF documents.
* \#307727 - `ZUGFeRD` conformance will be validated properly while adding file as attachment to PDF document.
* \#307713 – Text will be redacted properly in existing PDF document. 
* \#294252 – EMF will be preserved properly in EMF to PDF conversion. 
* \#304676 – Content will be preserved properly when creating template from existing PDF document. 
* \#295922 – `TextDataCollection` will be retrieved properly when extract text from existing PDF document. 
* \#300080 - Accessibility will be fulfilled while created Tagged the PDF document in PAC tool.
* \#308555 – Target invocation exception will no occurs while performing OCR (v4.0).
* \#306937 - `OCRProcessor` will return the text with proper spacing and alignments.
* \#304919, \#307413 - The alternate text will set properly in text and title while creating the pdf with `AutoTag`.
* \#307335 - `StackOverflowException` no longer occurs while getting the used font in existing pdf document.
* \#304857 – Annotations will be preserved properly while import and flatten. 
* \#300782 – Date values will be retrieved properly while getting from document information.
* \#309900 - `NullReferenceException` no longer occurs while trying to get form fields in particular PDF document.
* \#308978 - `NullReferenceException` will no longer occurs while merging PDF documents.
* \#308672 – `ArgumentException` no longer occurs while converting PDF to `PDF/A3-B` document.
* \#308059 - PdfLayer will be preserved properly while splitting the PDF document.
* \#307838 - Conformance will be validated properly in `VeraPDF` while converting given PDF to `PDF/A-1B`.
* \#307526 - Signature appearance will be preserved properly with `EnableValidationAppearance`.
* \#306618 - `PdfLoadedComboBoxField` will return the correct font size.
* \#307348 - Exception will no longer occurs while export and import annotation with text containing special characters.
* \#306402 - `NullReferenceException` will no longer occurs when enabling LTV.
* \#305934 - Exception no longer occurs while adding `PdfCode128ABarcode` to PDF/A-3B document.
* \#305958 - Bookmarks text rendering issue no longer occurs while flattening the annotation in that particular PDF. 
* \#305203 - Text length is greater than the data capacity of error correction level exception no longer occurs in QrBarcode.
* \#304454 - Replaced fonts will be updated properly in the resultant PDF document.
* \#F161217 - `StackOverflowException` will no longer occurs while finding the corrupted PDF document.
## Presentation

### Bug Fixes
{:#Presentation-bug-fixes}

* \#308422 - ITextPart.Font.FontSize property is now return proper font size value.
* \#306486, \#301595 - Line spacing is now applied properly while converting a PowerPoint presentation to PDF.
* \#307319 - Picture quality get improved while converting the PowerPoint presentation to PDF.
* \#306482 - Arrow cap is now preserved properly while converting the PowerPoint presentation to PDF.
## XlsIO

### Bug Fixes
{:#xlsio-bug-fixes}

* \#304210 - Pivot table page field filter is now working fine.
* \#305776 - Pivot filter MeasureHierAttribute is now handled properly.
* \#299134 - Excel document with pivot table filters and pivot table number formats are now working fine.
* \#302479 - Excel document with pivot table is no longer corrupted while resaving.
* \#304958 - Standard width is now correct after AddCopy operation.
* \#304403 - Image position is now correct after autofit columns operation in a copied worksheet.
* \#305064 - Exception is no longer thrown while converting pivot table in worksheet to image conversion.
* \#305842 - Cell style is now correct after add copy operation.
* \#304124 - Cell text with accounting format is now rendered properly for the cell with indent level.
* \#307537 - Conditional format number value is now correct when changing the system culture.
* \#306110 - Row format is now correct while refreshing data in the table.
* \#301881 - Exception is no longer thrown while resaving the Excel document when duplicate styles exist.
* \#305006 - Performance is improved and sparklines are now preserved properly when deleting the row.
* \#305477 - Cell color is now updated properly for databar in Excel to HTML conversion.
* \#302479 - Excel document is no longer corrupted while resaving with pivot table.
* \#308429 - Corruption no longer occurs while opening the file with pivot table using Excel 2013.
* \#307768 - Exception is no longer thrown when refreshing the table with external connection.
* \#306248 - Cell borders are now rendered properly when adjacent cells have different border colors.
* \#F160013 - Unicode symbols are no longer missed in Excel to PDF conversion.
* Scatter chart with smooth line is now rendered properly while converting the chart to image.
* Conditional format applied to EntireColumn is now preserved properly while resaving the XLSX file in XLS format.
* MissingManifestResourceException is no longer thrown when parsing the Excel document.
* Null reference exception is no longer thrown while getting the `RowHeight` in Excel to PDF conversion.
* Exception is no longer thrown while parsing a formula in Excel to PDF conversion.
* Excel document with worksheet drawing is now parsed properly.
* NullReferenceException is no longer thrown while setting date time interval in the chart to image conversion.
* NullReferenceException is no longer thrown while converting the chart to image in Excel to PDF conversion.
