---
title: Essential Studio for ASP.NET 2020 volume 1 SP1 Release Notes  
description: Essential Studio for ASP.NET 2020 volume 1 SP1 Release Notes  
platform: aspnet
documentation: ug
---

# Essential Studio for ASP.NET  Release Notes  

{% include release-info.html date="May 13, 2020"  version="v18.1.0.52" %} 






## CircularGauge

### Features
{:#circulargauge-features}

* \#274600 – `TooltipRendering` event is exposed with `text` argument to customize the tooltip text.

## DocIO

### Bug Fixes
{:#DocIO-bug-fixes}

* \#250042 - Paragraph style is now preserved properly while open and save the DOCX format Word document.
* \#267826 - Picture Watermark is now preserved properly while clone and merge the DOC format Word document.
* \#269662 - The **NullReferenceException** will no longer be thrown while closing the Word document.
* \#267398 - Table is now preserved properly while converting a Word document to PDF
* \#270030 - Bookmark is now preserved properly inside the Text content Control while open and save the DOCX format Word document.
* \#272560, \#266791 - List numbers are now preserved properly while open and save the DOCX format Word document.
* \#271175 - List type is now set properly while parsing the HTML file.
* \#271988 - The **NullReferenceException** will no longer be thrown while opening a DOCX format Word document.
* \#F152998 - BeforeClearGroupFieldEventArgs now returns the proper merge field names while performing Mail merge in a Word document.
* \#271634 - The **NullReferenceException** will no longer be thrown while saving a DOCX format Word document.
* \#271695, \#272438, \#272430 - The **NullReferenceException** will no longer be thrown while performing Mail merge in a Word document.
* \#273310 - Left indent is now preserved properly while converting an HTML file to Word document.
* \#272438, \#273336 - The **ArgumentOutOfRangeException** will no longer be thrown while converting a Word document to PDF.
* Table cell background color is now preserved properly while converting an HTML file to Word document.
* \#266244 - Text is now preserved with proper alignment while converting a Word document to PDF.
* \#268875, \#271698, \#274381 - Hanging issue has been resolved while converting a Word document to PDF.
* \#268875 - Picture is now preserved properly while converting a Word document to PDF.
* \#270030, \#271941 - Image is now preserved properly while converting a Word document to PDF.
* \#267958 - Text is now wrapped properly while converting a Word document to PDF.
* \#268928, \#273361 - Text is now preserved properly while converting a Word document to PDF.
* \#272436 - Font substitution event **OriginalFontName** property will not return **majorHAnsi** while converting a Word document to PDF.
* \#272754 - Textbox is now preserved properly while converting a Word document to PDF.
* \#F152680 - Text is now preserved properly while converting a Word document to PDF.
* \#271667 - The **NullReferenceException** will no longer be thrown while converting a Word document to PDF.
* \#271333 - Bullet list is now preserved properly while converting a Word document to PDF.
* \#263739, \#274914 - Text around the table is now wrapped properly while converting a Word document to PDF.
* \#F137285 - Image is now preserved properly while converting a Word document to PDF.
* \#274045 - Border is now preserved properly while converting a Word document to PDF.


## PDF

### Bug Fixes
{:#PDF-bug-fixes}

* \#271164 – Exception no longer occurs when saving the document after removing annotations. 
* \#261704 – Bookmark will be reflected properly after removing bookmarks. 
* \#259394 – Ink annotation will be preserved properly while flattening annotation. 
* \#273970 – Modified date will be retrieved properly from the input PDF document. 
* \#271463 – Exception no longer occurs when accessing layers from existing PDF document. 
* \#274280 – Exception no longer occurs when creating tables concurrently
* \#272832 – Exception no longer occurs when removing layers from existing PDF document. 
* \#272411 – Text will be preserved properly in `Word to PDF` conversion. 
* \#272840 – Layer name will be changed properly in existing PDF document. 
* \#251733 – Barcode background and quite zones will be preserved properly. 
* \#271614 – Image will be preserved properly in `Word to PDF` conversion. 
* \#266186 – Lines will be preserved properly in `Word to PDF` conversion.
* \#270437 – Form fields will be flattened properly in existing PDF document. 
* \#246796 – Fields and special characters preserved properly while import and signing the PDF documents. 
* \#269887 – PDF documents will be merged properly in different order. 
* \#269711 – PDF document title will be preserved properly with Swedish characters on A1B conversion. 
* \#269495 – Form field values will be preserved properly after disabling default appearance. 
* \#269472 – `ArgumentException` no longer occurs when saving the PDF document.
* \#274606 – `UriFormatException` no longer occurs when converting HTML string to PDF in Linux docker. 
* \#272045 – Auto tag will be work properly for `PdfPageNumberField`, `PdfPageCountField`, and `PdfCompositeField`.
* \#269907 – Exception no longer occurs when processing the `PdfTemplates` in Azure Durable Function.
* \#269961 – `PdfGrid` with column span and row span will pass the accessibility check on acrobat. 
* \#246796 – Special characters will be preserved properly on form flattening. 
* \#F152770 – Added support to set the border width to zero for grid cells. 
* `PdfLoadedTextBoxField` properly will be reflected properly in PDF document. 

## PivotGrid

### Bug fixes
{:#pivotgrid-bug-fixes}

* \#263380 – Now the grouping bar buttons in the column axis show the full name of its corresponding field.
## Presentation

### Bug Fixes
{:#Presentation-bug-fixes}

* \#274637 - The PowerPoint presentation will no longer be corrupted while adding a cloned slide within section.
* \#273501 - Row and column span will be applied properly while saving the PowerPoint presentation.
* \#271751 - Table cell border will be applied properly while saving the PowerPoint presentation.

## XlsIO

### Bug Fixes
{:#xlsio-bug-fixes}

* \#269069, \#269181 - Named range index is now updated properly in ArrayFormula while copying two different worksheets.
* \#271034, \#276058 - `ImportDataTable()` method with preserve type is now working properly for decimal values in German culture.
* \#269362 - Exception will no longer be thrown on applying fill color to group shapes with chart.
* \#273596 - Exception is no longer thrown while opening Excel files with invalid named range.
* \#272551 - Excel file is no longer corrupted on re-saving the document with pivot table.
* \#264179 - Table location and cell values are now updated properly when refreshing a table.
* \#273303 - Exception is no longer thrown while applying borders to specific cells.
* \#267912 - Text in Textbox is now rendered properly in Excel-to-PDF conversion.
* \#267767 - Exception is no longer thrown while parsing Excel documents with chart.
* \#270176 - Exception is no longer thrown while setting invalid HTML string to a cell.
* \#264179 - Tables and its formatting are preserved in proper location after refreshing tables in Microsoft Excel.
* \#272331 - AutoFilter is now applied properly if the row above the filter range is merged.
* \#274309 - Exception is no longer thrown in Excel-to-HTML conversion with entire row merged.
* \#274125 - Timeout exception is no longer thrown while refreshing Excel tables.
* \#269448 - Sorting grand total column in pivot table is now correct.
* \#F152563 - Performance is improved when data validation is applied to more number of rows and columns.
* Issue with pivot table in-line formatting is fixed.
