---
title: Essential Studio for ASP.NET 2020 volume 3 Main Release Notes  
description: Essential Studio for ASP.NET 2020 volume 3 Main Release Notes  
platform: aspnet
documentation: ug
---

# Essential Studio for ASP.NET  Release Notes  

{% include release-info.html date="October 1, 2020"  version="v18.3.0.35" %} 






## Autocomplete

### Bug Fixes
{:#autocomplete-bug-fixes}

* \#290309 – The issue with “selectValueByKey returns the first item value after postback with delimiter MultiSelectMode of Autocomplete” has been resolved.
## ColorPicker

### Bug Fixes

{:#colorpicker-bug-fixes}

* \# 288508 – The issue with “Split button inside the ColorPicker pop-up have static id” has been resolved. 

## DocIO

### Features
{:#DocIO-features}

* \#84199, \#139564, \#79916, \#96716, \#132151, \#137275 \#146572, \#153680, \#178266, \#196443, \#205309, \#294775 - Added support for shapes in RTF format Word document.
* \#276658 - `LockAspectRatio` API  has been added to lock the aspect ratio of picture in Word document.
* \#272979 - `PreserveOleImageAsImage` API has been added to preserve embedded Ole images as normal images in Word document.
* \#284057 - Provided image rotation support in DOC format document.
* \#116705, \#117555, \#123706, \#185247, \#226593, \#244897, \#244897, \#252217, \#270147, \#273378, \#291765 - Provided a support to preserve the Underline (Single, Dotted, Dash, DotDash, DotDotDash) and Double strike through while converting a Word document to PDF/Image.
* \#172910, \#173277, \#78892, \#184115, \#189881, \#189615, \#F134894 , \#200771, \#204949, \#205287 , \#203639, \#205099, \#208660, \#211617, \#213286, \#213842, \#212631, \#217440, \#160085, \#152711, \#F141351, \#253507, \#257800, \#274613, \#277726, \#278937, \#283115, \#282763, \#291690, \#293558, \#293762 - Improved a Word 2013 justification algorithm in Word to PDF/Image conversion.
* \#281066, \#284004, \#F157326 - Provided a support to detect a font name from theme for EastAsia characters while converting a Word document to PDF/Image.
* `FirstPageTray` and `OtherPagesTray` APIs has been added to set specific printer tray to print the first and other pages in Word document.

### Bug Fixes
{:#DocIO-bug-fixes}

* \#276450 - Mail merge is now executed properly in a Word document using `System.Linq.Enumerable.WhereListIterator`.
* \#278496 - IF field is now updated properly while converting a Word document to PDF.
* \#278251 - IF field is updated properly while calling `UpdateDocumentFields()` method.
* \#280489 - The **ArgumentException** will no longer be thrown while converting DOC to DOCX format document.
* \#280115 - List format is now preserved properly while replacing the HTML string in a Word document.
* \#281975 - Text spacing is now preserved properly while opening a Word Processing 2003 XML format document.
* \#282209 - The **ArgumentOutOfRangeException** will no longer be thrown while opening a DOCX format document.
* \#282348 - The **ArgumentOutOfRangeException** will no longer be thrown while opening an HTML format document with styles.
* \#279292 - Table is now preserved properly while converting a RTF format document to PDF.
* \#277396, \#283818, \#283819, \#273311 - Table is now preserved properly while converting a DOCX format document to PDF.
* \#281757 - Underline is now preserved properly while converting RTF to HTML format document.
* \#280044, \#281035 - Table cell width is now preserved properly while converting a Word document to PDF.
* \#282361 - The contents are now replaced properly while replacing the bookmark content in a Word document.
* \#276869 - IF field is now updated properly while calling `UpdateDocumentFields()` method.
* \#F155441 - List numbering is now preserved properly while resaving a RTF format document.
* \#282900 - The **FormatException** will no longer be thrown while opening a DOCX format document with content control.
* \#284009, \#285141, \#274613 - List numbering is now preserved properly while converting a Word document to PDF.
* \#F155441 - Text is now preserved properly while resaving a RTF format document.
* \#283487 - Line is now preserved properly while converting a Word document to PDF.
* \#283817 - Text is now preserved properly while resaving a DOCX format document.
* \#285259 - The **NullReferenceException** will no longer be thrown while opening a DOCX format document.
* \#282907 - The Empty paragraph preservation issue has been resolved while calling `UpdateDocumentFields()` method.
* \#285425 - Alternate chunks in HTML format are now updated properly in the Word document.
* \#285618 - Paragraph styles are applied properly while converting a Word document to PDF.
* \#287593 - Hanging issue has been resolved while opening a DOCX format document.
* \#285591 - Shape is now preserved properly while converting a Word document to PDF.
* \#286706 - PNG image is now preserved properly while converting DOCX to RTF format document.
* \#285449, \#280665, \#281254 - Frame is now preserved properly while converting a Word document to PDF.
* \#285009, \#284579 - Hanging will no longer occur while converting a Word document to PDF.
* \#285057 - Table is now preserved properly while converting a Word document to PDF.
* \#283747 - The **NullReferenceException** will no longer be thrown while converting a Word document to PDF.
* \#283455, \#283532, \#290493 - Text is now preserved properly while converting a Word document to PDF.
* \#280665 - Text is now wrapped properly while converting a Word document to PDF.
* \#280705 - FirstLineIndent is now applied properly while opening a DOCX format document.
* \#285450 - The **ArgumentOutOfRangeException** will no longer be thrown while converting a Word document to HTML.
* \#286564 - File corruption issue has been resolved while open and saving DOCX format document with track changes.
* \#156493 - Text fill is now preserved properly while resaving a DOCX format document.
* \#289441 - The **NullReferenceException** will no longer be thrown while opening a DOCX format document with mathematical equation.
* \#288073 - Hanging issue has been resolved while opening Word Processing 2003 XML format document.
* \#288916 - Shape fill color is now preserved properly while converting a Word document to PDF.
* \#289957 - Unicode characters are now preserved properly while converting HTML to RTF format document.
* \#290567 - Table is now preserved properly while converting a HTML file to PDF.
* \#288916 - Textbox borders are now preserved properly while converting a Word document to PDF.
* \#290244 - Content control mapped text is preserved properly while resaving a DOCX format document.
* \#282558 - Indentation is now preserved properly while converting a RTF to Word document.
* \#291395 - The **NullReferenceException** will no longer be thrown while opening the RTF stream.
* \#282558 - Image rotation is now preserved properly while converting a RTF to Word document.
* \#293069 - The **NullReferenceException** will no longer be thrown while replacing text using **ReplaceSingleLine** API.
* \#294075 - Grid span for table cell is now retrieved properly from RTF format document.
* \#291690 - Arabic numerals are now preserved properly while converting Word document to PDF.
* \#292210 - Paragraph is now preserved properly while converting a Word document to PDF.
* \#290802 - Auto Tag is now properly ordered while converting a Word document to PDF.
* \#274613 - Header row is now preserved properly while converting a Word document to PDF.
* \#290493 - Image is now preserved properly while converting a Word document to PDF.
* \#288916 - Chart is now preserved properly while converting a Word document to PDF.
* \#290291 - Page Border is now preserved properly while converting a Word document to PDF.
* \#290368 - Paragraph border is now preserved properly while converting a Word document to PDF.
* \#289941 - Paragraph indentation is now preserved properly while converting a Word document to PDF.
* \#289441 - The **IndexOutOfRangeException** will no longer be thrown while converting a Word document to PDF.
* \#288916 - Shape background is now preserved properly while converting a Word document to PDF.
* \#274613, \#286716 - The contents are now preserved properly while converting a Word document to PDF.
* Image is now preserved properly while resaving a DOCX Word document.
* Bookmark is now preserved properly while open and saving DOCX Word document.
* Text box formats are now working properly while resaving a DOCX format document.
## Gantt

### Bug Fixes
{:#gantt-bug-fixes}

* \#286869 - Touch scrolling issue has been fixed.
## Grid

### Bug Fixes
{:#grid-bug-fixes}

* \#280704 – Grid id span element duplicating issue has been fixed.
## PDF

### Features
{:#PDF-Features}

* \#79195, \#92840, \#F118711, \#268671, \#271721, \#239919 - Added support for `PDF417` Barcode in PDF document. 
* \#F142454, \#283629, \#285593 - Added support to sign the PDF document externally using hash. 
* \#142585 - Added support to detect the empty PDF pages in PDF documents. 
* \#282587 - Added support for complex script in free text annotation. 
* \#281674 - Added support to specify the name to annotations. 
* \#285645 - Added support for adding form fields in layers. 
* \#291688 - Added support for duplex mode in viewer preferences. 
* \#284302, \#220937 - Added support to sign the same signatures in all pages in a PDF document. 
* Added support to import/export the annotations in `JSON` format.
* Added support for text alignment in free text annotation.
* Added support to convert the PDF to PDF `A2B` and `A3B` conformance.

### Bug Fixes
{:#PDF-bug-fixes}

* \#287530 - Format exception no longer occurs while accessing form fields.
* \#288060 - PDF document will no longer corrupted when setting owner password. 
* \#289577 - `PdfInkAnnotation` will be exported properly in `XFDF` format. 
* \#288124 - `IndexOutOfRangeException` will no longer occurs while removing annotations in multi-threading. 
* \#291177 - Format exception will no longer occurs with PDF to PDF A1B conversion. 
* \#291354 - `ArgumentOutOfRangeException` will no longer occurs while compressing PDF documents. 
* \#291247 - `NullReferenceException` will no longer occurs while split the particular PDF document. 
* \#291308 - `NullReferenceException` will no longer occurs while convert Word to PDF. 
* \#290656 - `NullReferenceException` will no longer occurs when saving the particular PDF document.
* \#290909 - File size will not be increased while saving the document multiple times.  
* \#288936 - PDF document created with `AutoTag` will be passed in accessibility check. 
* \#290359 - `PdfDocumentAnalyzer` will shows the result properly for encrypted PDF documents. 
* \#288101 - PDF document encryption/decryption supported in `FIPS` enabled environments. 
* \#289938 - Certificate information will show properly when signing existing PDF document. 
* \#220937 - Signature appearance will be preserved properly in all the PDF pages.
* \#289450 - Content will be redacted properly with rotated PDF documents. 
* \#288615 - `PdfTemplate` will be rendered properly with given location on PDF page. 
* \#287992 - Rounded corner images will be preserved properly in PDF document. 
* \#288431 - `PdfFreeTextAnnotation` and `PdfLineAnnotation` will be preserved properly when flattening in PDF document. 
* \#288093 - Hyperlinks will be preserved properly in HTML to PDF conversion. 
* \#282004 - 1D barcodes will be scanned properly when generated with given size. 
* \#269208, \#289663 - `PdfGrid` will be preserved properly with `AllowPageBreakAcrossPages`.
* \#269208 - `PdfGrid` will be preserved properly with nested PdfGrids. 
* \#292190 - `IndexOutOfRangeException` no longer occurs when creating template from PDF page. 
* \#292105 - Import annotations from FDF file will work properly. 
* \#290967 - Form field name will be retrieved properly from existing PDF document. 
* \#289822, \#290437, \#290400 - Optimized the memory leaks in PDF OCR functionality. 
* \#289327 - Exception will no longer occurs when adding layers to new PDF pages. 
* \#F154896, \#280048 - Signatures will be validated properly with valid signatures from PDF documents. 
* \#F156528 - Image will be preserved properly in button fields when merging PDF documents. 
* \#F157167 - Hanging issue no longer occurs when replacing images in existing PDF document. 
* \#F154858 - Exception will no longer occurs while reading the `PdfLoadedXfaDateTimeField`.
* \#283673 - PDF document will be preserved properly while setting readonly to form fields.
* \#282233, \#281095 - `PdfLoadedTextBoxField` will be preserved properly with transparent border. 
* \#284471 - Text will be preserved properly after applying redaction operation to the document.
* \#283216 - Text will be preserved properly when compressing PDF document with optimize font. 
* \#277163 - `TextMarkupColor` will be retrieved properly from `PdfLoadedFreeTextAnnotation`.
* \#283683 - Child layer will be preserved properly when loading the document with nester layers. 
* \#286751 - Images with view box will be rendered properly in `XAML to PDF` conversion. 
* \#286751 - Output PDF document file size is optimized in `XAML to PDF` conversion.
* \#285642 - Exception will no longer occurs while merging the PDF documents. 
* \#285507 - Form field name will be retrieved properly after reloading the document. 
* \#285495 - Selected item in `PdfLoadedComboBoxField` will be preserved properly. 
* \#285655 - `PdfLoadedFreeTextAnnotation` will be preserved properly when flattening it. 
* \#284661 - Font style will be retrieved properly from `PdfLoadedFreeTextAnnotation`.
* \#283854, \#286246 - PDF document will be preserved properly in iOS PDF viewer and physical copy. 
* \#285158 - `PdfBookmark` will be preserved properly in `HTML to PDF` conversion. 
* \#283958 - `PdfDocument` will no longer corrupted while converting `PDF to PDF A1B`. 
* \#283700 - `NullReferenceException` will no longer occurs while adding/removing `PdfLayers`. 
* \#282784 - `ArgumentException` will no longer occurs in HTML to PDF conversion.
* \#283481 - `PdfDocumentAnalyzer` will found the corruption properly from particular PDF document. 
* \#282975 - Exception will no longer occurs while loading particular PDF document. 
* \#282837 - `PdfRubberStampAnnotation` will be preserved properly while flattening it. 
* \#282174 - Text will be preserved properly with alignments while converting metafile to PDF.
* \#281561 - `PdfRedaction` operation performance is now optimized. 
* \#281695 - Text will be redacted properly with particular PDF document. 
* \#279452 - Annotation will be preserved properly while flattening it. 
* \#280028 - Dot lines will be preserved properly in Word to PDF conversion. 
* \#280307, \#283683 - `PdfLayers` will be preserved in hierarchical after saving and loading the documents. 
* \#286105 - `PdfCode39Barcode` will be scanned properly from exported image. 
* \#286275 - Output PDF document will be preserved properly while compression existing PDF document.
* \#284114 - Exception will no longer occurs while signing PDF with `LTV`.
* \#283324 - Underline style will be preserved properly in `Excel to PDF` conversion.
* \#279476 - TOC will no longer overlap with content in `HTML to PDF` conversion. 
* \#278569 - Image will be preserved properly in `Word to PDF` conversion. 
* \#286317 - `IndexOutOfRangeException` will no longer occurs when compressing PDF documents. 
* \#F153996, \#285135 - Output PDF will be generated properly while converting `XPS to PDF` document.  
* \#F129826 - `PdfHtmlTextElement` will recognize the break tags with spaces. 
* \#F155522 - Root certificate missing issue will no longer occurs. 
* \#F155073 - Exception will no longer occurs while signing the documents multiple times.
* Exception will no longer occurs while loading the same document multiple times. 
* Content will be preserved properly while performing redaction operation.
* Text content will be preserved properly when using large content `PdfGrid`. 
* Optimized the memory usage when manipulating the PDF documents. 
* `QRBarcode` will be rendered properly on given location. 
* Background color will be retrieved properly from `PdfLoadedSignatureField`. 
* Blank PDF page will no longer generates in PDF merge operation. 

## Presentation

### Features
{:#Presentation-features}

* \#F155681 - Provided support to detect a font name from theme for complex script characters while converting a PowerPoint presentation to PDF/Images.
* \#281066 - Provided support to use fallback font while converting a PowerPoint presentation to PDF.

### Bug Fixes
{:#Presentation-bug-fixes}

* \#281345 - The PowerPoint presentation will no longer be corrupted while saving the customized PowerPoint presentation.
* \#F155718 - SetHyperlink method is now working properly for first PowerPoint slide.
* \#283833 - Hanging issue has been resolved while opening a PowerPoint presentation with old VMLDrawing.xml file.
* \#283473 - The **ArgumentException** will no longer be thrown while opening the PowerPoint presentation.
* \#282093 - Hyperlink will be applied properly while converting a PowerPoint presentation to PDF.
* \#281618 - The **ArgumentException** will no longer be thrown while converting the PowerPoint presentation to PDF.
* \#291303 - Cropping of Picture Placeholder is now applied properly while converting the PowerPoint presentation to PDF.
* \#291387 - Layout slide shape color is now applied properly while converting the PowerPoint presentation to PDF.
* \#291390 - Picture transparency is now applied properly while converting the PowerPoint presentation to PDF.
* \#288678 - Text within a table is now rotated properly while converting the PowerPoint presentation to PDF.
* \#288327 - Font.Color.SystemColor value is now applied properly while converting the PowerPoint presentation to PDF.
* \#286430 - The PowerPoint presentation will no longer be corrupted while saving the PowerPoint presentation with NotesSlide.
## XlsIO

### Features
{:#xlsio-features}

* \#140566, \#204625 - Color scale conditional formatting rule is supported in Excel to PDF conversion.
* \#138215, \#277809 - Support has been provided for form controls in Excel to PDF conversion.
* \#181688, \#211073, \#224926, \#233740 - Support has been provided for converting chart with images and shapes into image or PDF.
* \#284324, \#F124417 - Support has ben provided to set value-from-cells option to data labels of Excel chart.
* \#204625, \#266248 - Support has been provided for conditional format data bar in Excel to PDF conversion.
* Support has been provided for conditional format color scales in Excel to PDF conversion.

### Breaking Changes
{:#xlsio-breaking-changes}

* \#138215, \#277809 - The `EnableFormFields` property of `ExcelToPDFConverterSettings` indicates whether the PDF rendering to be done by form fields or not.
* \#284324, \#F124417 - The `IsValueFromCells` property of `ChartDataLabelsImpl` class gets or sets a boolean value to display value-from-cells in data labels of Excel chart.
* \#284324, \#F124417 -  The `ValueFromCellsRange` property of `ChartDataLabelsImpl` class gets or sets the cell range of data labels.

### Bug Fixes
{:#xlsio-bug-fixes}

* \#279504, \#F154636 - Chart title with wrap text is now rendered properly in chart to image conversion.
* \#292282, \#F157287 - `CopyTo` method now copies Excel table styles if copied from second row or more.
* \#283480 - Exception is no longer thrown while adding SVG images more than once.
* \#287404 - Additional headers are no longer added on importing the data objects with hyperlinks.
* \#283975 - Axis labels color no longer varies while cloning.
* \#283371 - Dash and DashDot patterns are now proper in line charts.
* \#279553 - Exception is no longer thrown while setting table formula with a special character.
* \#278057 - Exception is no longer thrown while setting conditional formula in non-English cultures.
* \#279738 - Image position is no longer changed on inserting more rows.
* \#281874 - Importing data from collection objects with hyperlink is now proper.
* \#283254 - Negative time format is now proper in the Excel to PDF conversion.
* \#265048 - Chart category label text is now rendered properly when label text is wrapped.
* \#279531 - Base unit of Excel chart category axis is now set properly in chart to image conversion.
* \#288290 - Parsing exception is no longer thrown while opening the Excel files with type-token in the formula parser.
* \#287802 - DataRange of Sparkline is now serialized correctly for named ranges.
* \#288831 - Print Title named range is now correct while changing the Excel version.
* \#278644 - Re-saving binary Excel file (XLS) with list data validation in German culture is now preserved properly.
* \#289301 - Copy merge in template marker when using more than one merged columns is now working.
* \#288326 - Axis label position is now correct in chart to image conversion.
* \#279738 - Image position is no longer changed while inserting more rows.
* \#290139 - Exception is no longer thrown while parsing conditional formats with an invalid operator.
* \#292271 - Exception is no longer thrown if all the table rows are deleted.
* \#287375 - Display text is now correct when hour value in time is more than 24 hours.
* \#288302 - Unwanted XML elements are no longer parsed while opening the Excel document.
* \#292241 - Rich text is now applied to tables during Excel to PDF conversion.
* \#F157035 - Formula value is now proper while resaving the Excel document with license.
* \#F157299 - Mixed data type values are no longer exported as text while exporting worksheet to data table.
* \#F157772 - Line series are missing in Excel to PDF conversion.
* Null reference exception is no longer thrown in Excel to PDF conversion.
* Exception is no longer thrown while converting the Excel document to PDF.
* List object column named range is now updated properly.
* DataBar is no longer changed in Excel to PDF conversion.
* Chart category label text is now rendered properly in Excel to PDF conversion.
* Out of range exception is no longer thrown when the input Excel contains macro sheet.
* Chart category label text is now rendered properly during Excel to PDF conversion.
