---
title: Essential Studio for ASP.NET 2020 volume 4 Main Release Release Notes  
description: Essential Studio for ASP.NET 2020 volume 4 Main Release Release Notes  
platform: aspnet
documentation: ug
---

# Essential Studio for ASP.NET  Release Notes  

{% include release-info.html date="December 17, 2020"  version="v18.4.0.30" %} 







## DocIO

### Features
{:#DocIO-features}

* \#299656 - Added support to customize track changes revision bars and content colors in Word to PDF conversion.
* \#297755 - Added support to preserve simple markup track changes in Word to PDF conversion.
* \#281634, \#268872 – Added support to access metadata properties in DOCX format Word document.
* \#291705, \#295027 – Added support to preserve Spanish list numbering in Word to PDF conversion.

### Breaking Changes
{:#DocIO-breaking-changes}

* `LocaleIDs` enumeration is moved from `Syncfusion.DocIO` to `Syncfusion.Office` namespace.

### Bug Fixes
{:#DocIO-bug-fixes}

* \#295922 - Bookmarks are now added properly while converting a Word document to PDF.
* \#295809, \#295808 - Pagination issue will no longer occur while converting a Word document to PDF.
* \#297287 - Improved the track changes balloons rendering algorithm in Word to PDF conversion.
* \#297451 - List numbering is now preserved properly while converting a Word document to PDF.
* \#297181 - Hanging will no longer occur while converting a Word document to PDF.
* \#294479 - Paragraph with deletion revision is now preserved properly while converting a Word document to PDF.
* \#294479 - Page border is now preserved properly while converting a Word document to PDF.
* \#295809 - Table is now preserved properly while converting a Word document to PDF.
* \#295917 - Gutter position is now used properly while converting a Word document to PDF.
* \#294479 - Shape is now preserved properly while converting a Word document to PDF.
* \#293792, \#293746 - The **NullReferenceException** will no longer be thrown while converting a Word document to PDF.
* \#294683 - The **System.FormatException** will no longer be thrown while converting a Word document to PDF.
* \#297287 - The **IndexOutOfRangeException** will no longer be thrown while converting a Word document to PDF.
* \#293689 - Paragraph alignment is now preserved properly while converting a Word document to PDF.
* \#293366, \#297796, \#295118, \#295806 - Hanging will no longer occur while converting a Word document to PDF.
* \#290028, \#292914 - Table row is now preserved properly while converting a Word document to PDF.
* \#292975 - Chart is now preserved properly while converting a Word document to PDF.
* \#294253 - Table is now properly preserved while converting a Word document to PDF.
* \#253061 - Text is now preserved properly while opening an RTF format Word document.
* \#298703,\#298816, \#298598 - The **KeyNotFoundException** will no longer be thrown while open and saving a Word document.
* \#298174, \#296029 - The **ArgumentOutOfRangeException** will no longer be thrown while opening a Word document.
* \#294479 - List numbering is now preserved properly while converting a Word document to PDF.
* \#260100 - Field is now unlinked properly while calling `Unlink()` method.
* \#295763 - The performance issue has been resolved while opening a RTF format document.
* \#293751 - Custom shape is now properly included in the unsupported element’s warning messages while converting a Word document to PDF.
* \#294603 - List numbering is now preserved properly while calling `UpdateTableOfContents()` method.
* \#295123 - List value is now preserved properly in WordPad while converting HTML to RTF format document.
* \#293261 - The screen tip text is now parsed properly while opening a DOCX format document.
*  Image color is now preserved properly while open and saving a Word document.
* \#294151 - Nested bookmarks contents are now preserved properly while removing a bookmark contents.
* \#293447 - Revision details are now cloned properly while importing a Word document.
* \#293895 - The **FormatException** will no longer be thrown while opening a Word document.
* \#293580 - Hyperlink display text is now preserved properly while opening a RTF format document.
* \#293578 - Merge field names are now retrieved properly while calling `GetMergeFieldNames()` method.
* \#293338 - The hanging issue will no long be occur while calling `AcceptChanges()` method.
* \#293610 - GridBefore value is now calculated properly while opening a RTF format document.
* \#288073 - Field is now preserved properly while resaving Word2003 Open XML format document.
* \#292280 - Table is now preserved properly while converting RTF to DOCX format document.
* \#291705 - List numbering is now preserved properly while converting a Word document to Text file.
* \#290028 - Table border size is now preserved properly while resaving a DOCX format document.
* \#290664 - Paragraph text is now preserved properly while converting DOC format document to PDF.
* \#291306 - Custom document properties are now updated properly while calling `UpdateDocumentFields()` method.
* \#290352, \#297287 - The **InvalidOperationException** will no longer be thrown while opening a word document.
* \#288916 - Table width is now preserved properly while converting Word document to PDF.
* \#298598 - Table width is now preserved properly while converting a HTML to DOCX format document.
* \#305899 – Picture with delete revision is now preserved properly in balloon while converting a Word document to PDF.
* \#305867 - Paragraph is now aligned properly while converting a Word document to PDF.
* \#305899 - TOC navigation is now working properly while converting a Word document to PDF.
* \#297287 - The **IndexOutOfRangeException** will no longer be thrown while converting a Word document to PDF.
* \#304601 - Group shape is now preserved properly while converting a Word document to PDF.
* \#301700 - Image is now preserved properly while converting a Word document to PDF.
* \#301409, \#300989 - Bullet list is now preserved properly while converting a Word document to PDF.
* \#301645 - Shape is now preserved properly while converting a Word document to PDF.
* \#F159386 - Transparent text color is now preserved properly while converting a Word document to PDF.
* \#F159392 - Image is now preserved properly while converting a Word document to PDF.
* \#292280 - Table is now aligned properly while converting a Word document to PDF.
* \#300367 - Image is now preserved properly while converting a Word document to PDF.
* \#298337 - Textbox is now preserved properly while converting a Word document to PDF.
* \#299037 - Image is now preserved properly while converting a Word document to PDF.
* \#295809 - Text is now preserved properly while converting a Word document to PDF.
* \#298337 - Hanging issue has been resolved while converting a Word document to PDF.
* \#283819, \#303971 - Table is now preserved properly while converting a Word document to PDF.
* \#305693 - Symbol is now preserved properly while resaving a DOCX format document.
* \#305525 - Reject changes is now working properly while calling `RejectChanges()` method.
* \#303649, \#304097 - Comments are now preserved properly while resaving a Word document.
* \#304462 – The **IndexOutOfRangeException** will no longer be thrown while resaving a Word document.
* \#303677 - Shape is now preserved properly when resaving the Word document.
* \#301989 – Textbox is now preserved properly while resaving a Word document.
* \#301989 – Image is now preserved properly while resaving a DOCX format document.
* \#301621 – Text is now preserved properly while converting a DOCX format document to HTML file.
* \#299649 – The **ArgumentOutOfRangeException** will no longer be thrown while opening the RTF format document.
* \#300525 – The **InvalidOperationException** will no longer be thrown while opening Word document with comments.
* \#298582 - Alternate chunk content is now preserved properly while converting a Word document to PDF.
* \#295016 - Text is now preserved properly while converting a HTML file to DOCX format document.
* \#298707 - Bullet list is now preserved properly while converting a Word document to PDF.
* \#298409 - Table column is now preserved properly while converting a Word document to PDF.
* \#294151, \#300732 - Nested bookmarks are removed properly while calling `Remove(Bookmark)` method.
* \#291877 - Heading numbering is now preserved properly while converting a Word document to PDF.
* \#283819 - Table is now preserved properly while converting a Word document to PDF.
## PDF

### Features
{:#PDF-Features}

* \#89583, \#179673, \#254148 ,\#F155343 – Added support for adding/modifying the `JavaScript` action in existing PDF document.  
* \#140911, \#229773, \#277893 – Added support for `Ean13` and `Ean8` barcode in PDF library. 
* \#198566 – Added support to get the page index of bookmark. 
* \#292446 – Added support for scaling option in HTML to PDF conversion with Blink rendering engine. 
* \#291878 – Added support for `BoundsCollection` for `PdfTextMarkupAnnotation`.
* \#295115 – Added support for text direction in `PdfFreeTextAnnotation`.
* Added appearance support for `PdfPolylineAnnotation`. 

### Bug Fixes
{:#PDF-bug-fixes}

* \#305321 – `NullReferenceException` will no longer occurs when getting PdfForm from particular PDF document. 
* \#304513 – Invalid cross reference table exception will no longer occurs when loading particular PDF document. 
* \#304959 – Label from meta data will be preserved properly when adding security to the PDF document. 
* \#304340 – Text will be redacted properly in tagged PDF document. 
* \#301374, \#304610 – `PdfDocument` will no longer corrupted when flatten the `PdfForm`. 
* \#293563, \#304898 – Contents will be preserved properly while converting PPTX to PDF.
* \#300098 – Font will be replaced properly in particular PDF document. 
* \#302381 – Exception will no longer occurs while OCR with latest tesseract binaries. 
* \#301843 – `PdfAnnotation` thickness will preserved properly when export and import annotations. 
* \#301942 – Exception no longer occurs while importing pages from particular PDF document. 
* \#302269 – Signature details will be updated properly in PDF document. 
* \#301776 – Signature validation mark will be preserved properly.
* \#301370 – `PdfDocument` will no longer corrupted when converting PDF to PDF A1B conformance.  
* \#295864 – Exception no longer occurs when converting Word document to PDF in multithreading. 
* \#300643, \#297535 – Contents will be preserved properly when converting EMF to PDF. 
* \#296508 – Hyperlinks will be added properly when adding inside the `PdfGrid` with different page size. 
* \#300185 – `PdfGridLayout` will be return proper bounds when adding `PdfGrid` to the PdfPage. 
* \#291934 – Memory will be disposed properly when adding and removing `PdfRubberStampAnnotation`. 
* \#299509 – File path will be added properly in `PdfFileLinkAnnotation`.
* \#298059 – Contents will be preserved properly while adding `PdfRedactionAnnotation` to the PdfPage. 
* \#299187 – PDF conformance will be preserved when converting PDF to PDF A3B conformance. 
* \#298968 – `PdfLayers` will be preserved properly when adding layers to PDF document. 
* \#298568 – Annotations will be preserved properly when export, import and flattening it. 
* \#297943 – `ArgumentOutofRangeException` will no longer occurs when converting Word to tagged PDF. 
* \#262648 – Contents will be preserved properly when creating PDF in multi-threading. 
* \#294252 – `PdfMetafile` will be preserved properly with the specified bounds. 
* \#295920 – Page number will be preserved properly when merging PDF documents. 
* \#294988 – `PdfRubberStampAnnotation` appearance will not change when editing with PDF viewer.
* \#292489 – `PdfHTMLTextElement` will return proper `PdfLayoutResult`.
* \#294252 – Images will be preserved properly when converting EMF to PDF.
* \#292865 – `PDF/UA` complaint will be validated properly in `PAC3` tool. 
* \#293788 – `PdfCheckBoxField` will be preserved properly when resaving the document. 
* \#293316 – DataMatrix barcode will be preserved properly.
* \#293249, \#293784 – `PdfGridCell` text will be preserved properly when exporting DataGrid to PDF. 
* \#291767, \#292452 – Images will be preserved properly in HTML to PDF conversion. 
* \#296815 – PDF document will be OCRed properly for large PDF document.
* \#291177 – Exception no longer occurs when converting PDF to PDF A1B. 
* \#294944 – Annotations will be preserved properly when export and import.
* \#293701 – `NullReferenceException` no longer occurs when getting the text from `PdfLoadedTextBoxField`.
* \#294353, \#291232 – Bookmark text will be preserved properly when saving the PDF document. 
* \#296895 – `ArgumentNullException` no longer occurs when merging PDF document. 
* \#294995 – InkAnnotation will be exported properly in German culture. 
* \#295703 – `NullReferenceException` no longer occurs when decrypt the PDF document. 
* \#294723 – `PdfComboBoxField` value will be flatten properly in a PDF document. 
* \#295148 – `PdfXfaForm` will be filled properly with given data. 
* \#293908 – `NullReferenceException` no longer occurs when merging the PDF documents. 
* \#293401 – `PdfRectangleAnnotation` will be preserve properly while flatten the annotations. 
* \#291957 – Content will be preserved properly when compressing the PDF documents. 
* \#F158748 – `ArgumentOutOfRangeException` no longer occurs while saving particular PDF document.
* \#F159147 – Signature will be validated properly with particular PDF document.  
* Text size will return properly when getting text size from `PdfLoadedFreeTextAnnotation`.
* Exception will no longer occurs when adding custom metadata to PDF document.  

## Presentation

### Features
{:#Presentation-features}

* \#229361, \#290868, \#293563 - Provided support to preserve a gradient line while converting a PowerPoint presentation to PDF/Image.
* \#290868 - Provided support to preserve a gradient fill with transparency while converting a PowerPoint presentation to PDF.
* \#291946 - Provided support to add and edit a language of PowerPoint TextPart.

### Bug Fixes
{:#Presentation-bug-fixes}

* \#281066 - Justification is now applied properly while converting a PowerPoint presentation to PDF.
* \#294617 - Placeholder text color is now preserved properly while converting a PowerPoint presentation to Image.
* \#293204 - PowerPoint document is no longer corrupted while removing a master slide.
* \#299090 - The **NullReferenceException** will no longer be thrown while opening the PowerPoint presentation with vertical curved list SmartArt.
* \#299498 - The **ArgumentException** will no longer be thrown while opening the PowerPoint presentation in parallel thread.
* \#301380 - Line width is now applied properly while converting a PowerPoint presentation to Image.
* SlideSizeType property is now working properly, when PowerPoint slide size type is Wide Screen.
## Tooltip

### Bug Fixes
{:#tooltip-bug-fixes}

* \# 292607- The issue with "Duplicate tooltip element created in Grid and TreeGrid controls within update panel" has been resolved.
## XlsIO

### Features
{:#xlsio-features}

* \#299160 - Support has been provided to export data from Excel worksheet to data table with an event.
* \#F158836 - Support has been provided to preserve value types while importing data from a data table to an Excel worksheet.

### Breaking Changes
{:#xlsio-breaking-changes}

* \#283371 - `LongDash`, `LongDashDot`, and `LongDashDotDot` line patterns are added in the `ExcelChartLinePattern` enum.
* \#F158836 - The `ImportDataColumn()` method supports importing DataColumn from DataTable into a worksheet with preserve type option.

### Bug Fixes
{:#xlsio-bug-fixes}

* \#292282, \#F157287 - `CopyTo` method now copies Excel table styles if copied from second row or more.
* \#292271 - Exception is no longer thrown if all the table rows are deleted.
* \#293903 - Exception is no longer thrown when converting the Excel file to PDF.
* \#295621 - Defined name value with more characters is now working proper without exception.
* \#294651 - Exception is no longer thrown while converting Excel file to PDF with conditional formats.
* \#287586 - Name of a pivot table data field is now correct in Excel to PDF conversion.
* \#293247 - Inserting a new row preserves the number format in the existing table.
* \#292312 - Exception is no longer thrown while inserting rows above sparklines.
* \#296469 - Conditional format is now correct while changing thread culture.
* \#291424 - Column width is now set correctly while updating styles to entire column.
* \#294893 - Exception is no longer thrown while parsing the Excel document with pivot table.
* \#293348 - DateTime format is now proper when accessing `Range.DateTime` property.
* \#293903 - Exception is no longer thrown when formula contains an unknown name in Excel to PDF conversion.
* \#292625 - Page numbers are now rendered in the correct format when header/footer text contains page number and plus sign.
* \#292241 - Rich-text is now applied to tables during Excel to PDF conversion.
* \#292697 - Exception is no longer thrown while converting Excel chart to image with polynomial trend line series.
* \#294223 - Axis line is now rendered correctly in chart to image conversion.
* \#279738 - Image position is no longer changed while inserting more rows.
* \#295748 - Exception is no longer thrown while resaving the Excel document to HTML.
* \#297992 - Comments are now cleared properly while using clear option.
* \#295301 - Corruption no longer occurs on resaving the Excel file that contains invalid pivot item value.
* \#298342 - Performance on saving a big file with pivot table is now improved.
* \#299505 - Conditional format is now applied properly when using copy style in template marker.
* \#301859 - ApplicationName in Built-in document properties is now parsed and serialized properly.
* \#298772 - Conditional format formula is now correct while saving the Excel document.
* \#292312 - Corruption no longer occurs while opening the file using Excel 2013.
* \#283371 - Provided long dash line types in chart line pattern enum.
* \#292360 - Excel file with incorrect active cell is no longer corrupted on resaving.
* \#304378 - Exception is no longer thrown while converting the Excel file with conditional formats to PDF.
* \#303693 - Vba project's sheet objects are now cleared properly when removing the worksheets.
* \#301367 - Hyperlink is now correct while changing the system culture in Excel to PDF conversion.
* \#294378 - Cell border under the image is no longer missed in Excel to PDF conversion.
* \#300422 - DataPoint font size and value axis alignment are now proper in chart to image conversion.
* \#F157299 - Mixed data type values are exported with proper format while exporting worksheet to data table.
* \#F157772 - Line series are no longer missed in Excel to PDF conversion.
* \#F157287 - Corruption no longer occurs when copying worksheets from multiple workbooks.
* \#F158875 - Data is now correct while importing nested object collection.
* Category axis label text is now rendered properly in chart to image conversion.
* Hyperlinks in shapes are no longer removed while resaving the Excel document.
* Chart title area rendering is now proper in Excel to PDF conversion.
