---
title: Essential Studio for ASP.NET Weekly Nuget Release Release Notes  
description: Essential Studio for ASP.NET Weekly Nuget Release Release Notes  
platform: aspnet
documentation: ug
---

# Essential Studio for ASP.NET  Release Notes  

{% include release-info.html date="August 18, 2020"  version="v18.2.0.54" %} 






## DocIO


### Bug Fixes
{:#DocIO-bug-fixes}

* \#276450 - Mail merge is now executed properly in a Word document using `System.Linq.Enumerable.WhereListIterator`.
* \#278496 - IF field is now updated properly while converting a Word document to PDF.
* \#278251 - IF field is updated properly while calling `UpdateDocumentFields()` method.
* \#280489 - The **ArgumentException** will no longer be thrown when converting DOC to DOCX format document.
* \#280115 - List format is now preserved properly while replacing the HTML string in a Word document.
* \#281975 - Text spacing is now preserved properly while opening a Word Processing 2003 XML format document.
* \#282209 - The **ArgumentOutOfRangeException** will no longer be thrown while opening a DOCX format document.
* \#282348 - The **ArgumentOutOfRangeException** will no longer be thrown while opening an HTML format document with styles.
* \#279292 - Table is now preserved properly while converting a RTF format document to PDF.
* \#277396, \#283818, \#283819, \#273311 - Table is now preserved properly while converting a DOCX format document to PDF.
* \#281757 - Underline is now preserved properly while converting RTF to HTML format document.
* \#280044, \#281035 - Table cell width is now preserved properly while converting a Word document to PDF.
* \#282361 - The contents are now replaced properly while replacing the bookmark content in a Word document.
* \#276869 - IF field is now updated properly while calling `UpdateDocumentFields()` method.
* \#F155441 - List numbering is now preserved properly while resaving a RTF format document.
* \#282900 - The **FormatException** will no longer be thrown when opening a DOCX format document with content control.
* \#284009, \#285141 - List numbering is now preserved properly while converting a Word document to PDF.
* \#F155441 - Text is now preserved properly while resaving a RTF format document.
* \#283487 - Line is now preserved properly while converting a Word document to PDF.
* \#283817 - Text is now preserved properly while resaving a DOCX format document.
* \#285259 - The **NullReferenceException** will no longer be thrown while opening a DOCX format document.
* \#282907 - The Empty paragraph preservation issue has been resolved while calling `UpdateDocumentFields()` method.
* \#285425 - Alternate chunks in HTML format are now updated properly in the Word document.
* \#285618 - Paragraph styles are applied properly while converting a Word document to PDF.
* \#287593 - Hanging issue has been resolved when opening a DOCX format document.
* \#285591 - Shape is now preserved properly while converting a Word document to PDF.
* \#286706 - PNG image is now preserved properly while converting DOCX to RTF format document.
* \#285449, \#280665, \#281254 - Frame is now preserved properly while converting a Word document to PDF.
* \#285009, \#284579 - Hanging will no longer occur while converting a Word document to PDF.
* \#285057 - Table is now preserved properly while converting a Word document to PDF.
* \#283747 - The **NullReferenceException** will no longer be thrown while converting a Word document to PDF.
* \#283455, \#283532 - Text is now preserved properly while converting a Word document to PDF.
* \#280665 - Text is now wrapped properly while converting a Word document to PDF.
* Image is now preserved properly while resaving a DOCX Word document.
## pdf

No Changes for this product in this version.

[//]: # "Delete the contents of this file while new content is added."

## Presentation

### Bug Fixes
{:#Presentation-bug-fixes}

* \#281345 - The PowerPoint presentation will no longer be corrupted while saving the customized PowerPoint presentation.
* \#F155718 - SetHyperlink method is now working properly for first PowerPoint slide.
* \#283833 - Hanging issue has been resolved while opening a PowerPoint presentation with old VMLDrawing.xml file.
* \#283473 - The **ArgumentException** will no longer be thrown while opening the PowerPoint presentation.
* \#282093 - Hyperlink will be applied properly while converting a PowerPoint presentation to PDF.
* \#281618 - The **ArgumentException** will no longer be thrown while converting the PowerPoint presentation to PDF.
## XlsIO

### Features
{:#xlsio-features}

* \#140566, \#204625 - Color scale conditional formatting rule is supported in Excel to PDF conversion.

### Bug Fixes
{:#xlsio-bug-fixes}

* \#279504, \#F154636 - Chart title with wrap text is now rendered properly in chart to image conversion.
* \#283480 - Exception is no longer thrown while adding SVG images more than once.
* \#287404 - Additional headers are no longer added on importing the data objects with hyperlinks.
* \#283975 - Axis labels color no longer varies while cloning.
* \#283371 - Dash and DashDot patterns are now proper in line charts.
* \#279553 - Exception is no longer thrown while setting table formula with a special character.
* \#278057 - Exception is no longer thrown while setting conditional formula in non-English cultures.
* \#279738 - Image position is no longer changed on inserting more rows.
* \#281874 - Importing data from collection objects with hyperlink is now proper.
* \#283254 - Negative time format is now proper in the Excel to PDF conversion.
* \#265048 - Chart category label text is now rendered properly when label text is wrapped.
* \#279531 - Base unit of Excel chart category axis is now set properly in chart to image conversion.
* Null reference exception is no longer thrown in Excel to PDF conversion.
* Exception is no longer thrown while converting the Excel document to PDF.
