---
title: Essential Studio for ASP.NET 2020 volume 3 SP1 Release Notes  
description: Essential Studio for ASP.NET 2020 volume 3 SP1 Release Notes  
platform: aspnet
documentation: ug
---

# Essential Studio for ASP.NET  Release Notes  

{% include release-info.html date="November 5, 2020"  version="v18.3.0.47" %} 







## DocIO

### Bug Fixes
{:#DocIO-bug-fixes}

* \#295922 - Bookmarks are now added properly while converting a Word document to PDF.
* \#295809, \#295808 - Pagination issue will no longer occur while converting a Word document to PDF.
* \#297287 - Improved the track changes balloons rendering algorithm in Word to PDF conversion.
* \#297451 - List numbering is now preserved properly while converting a Word document to PDF.
* \#297181 - Hanging will no longer occur while converting a Word document to PDF.
* \#294479 - Paragraph with deletion revision is now preserved properly while converting a Word document to PDF.
* \#294479 - Page border is now preserved properly while converting a Word document to PDF.
* \#295809 - Table is now preserved properly while converting a Word document to PDF.
* \#295917 - Gutter position is now used properly while converting a Word document to PDF.
* \#294479 - Shape is now preserved properly while converting a Word document to PDF.
* \#293792, \#293746 - The **NullReferenceException** will no longer be thrown while converting a Word document to PDF.
* \#294683 - The **System.FormatException** will no longer be thrown while converting a Word document to PDF.
* \#297287 - The **IndexOutOfRangeException** will no longer be thrown while converting a Word document to PDF.
* \#293689 - Paragraph alignment is now preserved properly while converting a Word document to PDF.
* \#293366, \#297796, \#295118, \#295806 - Hanging will no longer occur while converting a Word document to PDF.
* \#290028, \#292914 - Table row is now preserved properly while converting a Word document to PDF.
* \#292975 - Chart is now preserved properly while converting a Word document to PDF.
* \#294253 - Table is now properly preserved while converting a Word document to PDF.
* \#253061 - Text is now preserved properly while opening an RTF format Word document.
* \#298703,\#298816, \#298598 - The **KeyNotFoundException** will no longer be thrown while open and saving a Word document.
* \#298174, \#296029 - The **ArgumentOutOfRangeException** will no longer be thrown while opening a Word document.
* \#294479 - List numbering is now preserved properly while converting a Word document to PDF.
* \#260100 - Field is now unlinked properly while calling `Unlink()` method.
* \#295763 - The performance issue has been resolved while opening a RTF format document.
* \#293751 - Custom shape is now properly included in the unsupported element’s warning messages while converting a Word document to PDF.
* \#294603 - List numbering is now preserved properly while calling `UpdateTableOfContents()` method.
* \#295123 - List value is now preserved properly in WordPad while converting HTML to RTF format document.
* \#293261 - The screen tip text is now parsed properly while opening a DOCX format document.
*  Image color is now preserved properly while open and saving a Word document.
* \#294151 - Nested bookmarks contents are now preserved properly while removing a bookmark contents.
* \#293447 - Revision details are now cloned properly while importing a Word document.
* \#293895 - The **FormatException** will no longer be thrown while opening a Word document.
* \#293580 - Hyperlink display text is now preserved properly while opening a RTF format document.
* \#293578 - Merge field names are now retrieved properly while calling `GetMergeFieldNames()` method.
* \#293338 - The hanging issue will no long be occur while calling `AcceptChanges()` method.
* \#293610 - GridBefore value is now calculated properly while opening a RTF format document.
* \#288073 - Field is now preserved properly while resaving Word2003 Open XML format document.
* \#292280 - Table is now preserved properly while converting RTF to DOCX format document.
* \#291705 - List numbering is now preserved properly while converting a Word document to Text file.
* \#290028 - Table border size is now preserved properly while resaving a DOCX format document.
* \#290664 - Paragraph text is now preserved properly while converting DOC format document to PDF.
* \#291306 - Custom document properties are now updated properly while calling `UpdateDocumentFields()` method.
* \#290352, \#297287 - The **InvalidOperationException** will no longer be thrown while opening a word document.
* \#288916 - Table width is now preserved properly while converting Word document to PDF.
* \#298598 - Table width is now preserved properly while converting a HTML to DOCX format document.
## ListBox

### Bug Fixes
{:#listbox-bug-fixes}

* \#295170 - The issue with "OnItemDrop event is not triggered when you drop over the list item" has been resolved.
## PDF

### Features
{:#PDF-Features}

* \#291878 – Added support for `BoundsCollection` for `PdfTextMarkupAnnotation`.
* \#295115 – Added support for text direction in `PdfFreeTextAnnotation`.

### Bug Fixes
{:#PDF-bug-fixes}

* \#262648 – Contents will be preserved properly when creating PDF in multi-threading. 
* \#294252 – `PdfMetafile` will be preserved properly with the specified bounds. 
* \#295920 – Page number will be preserved properly when merging PDF documents. 
* \#294988 – `PdfRubberStampAnnotation` appearance will not change when editing with PDF viewer.
* \#292489 – `PdfHTMLTextElement` will return proper `PdfLayoutResult`.
* \#294252 – Images will be preserved properly when converting EMF to PDF.
* \#292865 – `PDF/UA` complaint will be validated properly in `PAC3` tool. 
* \#293788 – `PdfCheckBoxField` will be preserved properly when resaving the document. 
* \#293316 – DataMatrix barcode will be preserved properly.
* \#293249, \#293784 – `PdfGridCell` text will be preserved properly when exporting DataGrid to PDF. 
* \#291767, \#292452 – Images will be preserved properly in HTML to PDF conversion. 
* \#295864 – Exception no longer occurs when converting Word to PDF. 
* \#296815 – PDF document will be OCRed properly for large PDF document.
* \#291177 – Exception no longer occurs when converting PDF to PDF A1B. 
* \#294944 – Annotations will be preserved properly when export and import.
* \#293701 – `NullReferenceException` no longer occurs when getting the text from `PdfLoadedTextBoxField`.
* \#294353, \#291232 – Bookmark text will be preserved properly when saving the PDF document. 
* \#296895 – `ArgumentNullException` no longer occurs when merging PDF document. 
* \#294995 – InkAnnotation will be exported properly in German culture. 
* \#295703 – `NullReferenceException` no longer occurs when decrypt the PDF document. 
* \#294723 – `PdfComboBoxField` value will be flatten properly in a PDF document. 
* \#295148 – `PdfXfaForm` will be filled properly with given data. 
* \#293908 – `NullReferenceException` no longer occurs when merging the PDF documents. 
* \#293401 – `PdfRectangleAnnotation` will be preserve properly while flatten the annotations. 
* \#291957 – Content will be preserved properly when compressing the PDF documents. 
* \#F158748 – `ArgumentOutOfRangeException` no longer occurs while saving particular PDF document. 

## Presentation

### Features
{:#Presentation-features}

* \#I229361, \#290868, \#293563 - Provided support to preserve a gradient line while converting a PowerPoint presentation to PDF/Image.
* \#290868 - Provided support to preserve a gradient fill with transparency while converting a PowerPoint presentation to PDF.

### Bug Fixes
{:#Presentation-bug-fixes}

* \#281066 - Justification is now applied properly while converting a PowerPoint presentation to PDF.
* \#294617 - Placeholder text color is now preserved properly while converting a PowerPoint presentation to Image.
* \#293204 - PowerPoint document is no longer corrupted while removing a master slide.
* SlideSizeType property is now working properly, when PowerPoint slide size type is Wide Screen.

## XlsIO

### Bug Fixes
{:#xlsio-bug-fixes}

* \#292282, \#F157287 - `CopyTo` method now copies Excel table styles if copied from second row or more.
* \#292271 - Exception is no longer thrown if all the table rows are deleted.
* \#293903 - Exception is no longer thrown when converting the Excel file to PDF.
* \#295621 - Defined name value with more characters is now working proper without exception.
* \#294651 - Exception is no longer thrown while converting Excel file to PDF with conditional formats.
* \#287586 - Name of a pivot table data field is now correct in Excel to PDF conversion.
* \#293247 - Inserting a new row preserves the number format in the existing table.
* \#292312 - Exception is no longer thrown while inserting rows above sparklines.
* \#296469 - Conditional format is now correct while changing thread culture.
* \#291424 - Column width is now set correctly while updating styles to entire column.
* \#294893 - Exception is no longer thrown while parsing the Excel document with pivot table.
* \#293348 - DateTime format is now proper when accessing `Range.DateTime` property.
* \#293903 - Exception is no longer thrown when formula contains an unknown name in Excel to PDF conversion.
* \#292625 - Page numbers are now rendered in the correct format when header/footer text contains page number and plus sign.
* \#292241 - Rich-text is now applied to tables during Excel to PDF conversion.
* \#292697 - Exception is no longer thrown while converting Excel chart to image with polynomial trend line series.
* \#294223 - Axis line is now rendered correctly in chart to image conversion.
* \#F157299 - Mixed data type values are exported with proper format while exporting worksheet to data table.
* \#F157772 - Line series are no longer missed in Excel to PDF conversion.
* \#F157287 - Corruption no longer occurs when copying worksheets from multiple workbooks.
* Category axis label text is now rendered properly in chart to image conversion.
