---
title: Essential Studio for ASP.NET Weekly Nuget Release Release Notes  
description: Essential Studio for ASP.NET Weekly Nuget Release Release Notes  
platform: aspnet
documentation: ug
---

# Essential Studio for ASP.NET  Release Notes  

{% include release-info.html date="January 04, 2022"  version="v19.4.0.41" %} 






## DocIO

No Changes for this product in this version.

[//]: # "Delete the contents of this file while new content is added."

## pdf

### Bug Fixes
{:#PDF-bug-fixes}

* \#I359489 - Performance has been improved while flattening annotation in a PDF document. 
* \#I360154 - Exception will no longer occur while removing the font from multiple instance files. 
* \#I358346 - Text rendering issue will no longer occur while flattening the textbox field in particular PDF documents. 
 
## Presentation

No Changes for this product in this version.

[//]: # "Delete the contents of this file while new content is added."

## XlsIO

### Bug Fixes
{:#xlsio-bug-fixes}

* \#I356617 - Exception thrown while creating pivot table with autosort when same pivot value exist in lower and upper cases, is now resolved.
* \#F171153 - ArgumentOutOfRange exception thrown while accessing worksheet with name have .xlsx extension is now resolved.
* \#I354714 - Chart secondary value axis is now rendered properly in Chart to Image conversion.
* \#I358413 - File being corrupted when pivot table data source has a backspace(\b) character, is now resolved.
* \#I357326 - Conditional format with discontiuous range is now moved properly to another range.
* \#I359498 - Null reference exception thrown when the chart without category range is converted to image, is now resolved.
* Shapes color is now rendered properly while converting Excel document to PDF.
* Long text is now rendered properly in Excel to PDF conversion, even when the gridlines are enabled.

