---
title: Essential Studio for ASP.NET Weekly Nuget Release Release Notes  
description: Essential Studio for ASP.NET Weekly Nuget Release Release Notes  
platform: aspnet
documentation: ug
---

# Essential Studio for ASP.NET  Release Notes  

{% include release-info.html date="March 08, 2022"  version="v19.4.0.55" %} 






## DocIO

### Bug Fixes
{:#DocIO-bug-fixes}

* \#I367585 - Table is now preserved properly while resaving a DOCX format document.
* \#I367505 - Hanging issue has been resolved while converting a Word document to PDF.
## pdf

### Bug Fixes
{:#PDF-bug-fixes}

* \#F173004 - ColumnSpan is now drawn properly with the expected width. 
* \#F173013 - Text cutoff issue will no longer occur while paginating the long text in a Pdf grid cell. 
* \#I367812 - Field back color is reflected properly in the output PDF when changing and flattening that field in the specific PDF. 
* \#I365633 - Annotations will not be removed while redacting the area in the given PDF document. 
* \#I368657 - KeyNotFoundException will no longer occur while flattening the annotation from an existing PDF document. 
* \#I367084 - Preservation issue will no longer occur while flattening annotations and form fields. 

## Presentation

### Bug Fixes
{:#Presentation-bug-fixes}

* \#I366990 - SmartArt text is now replaced properly in a cloned PowerPoint presentation.
* \#I366898 - Tab is now preserved properly while converting a PowerPoint presentation to Image.
## XlsIO

### Bug Fixes
{:#xlsio-bug-fixes}

* \#I366398 - Unhandled exception thrown while converting Excel document having conditional format formula with special characters to PDF is now resolved.
* \#I367553 - Argument out of range exception thrown while opening a Word document with incorrect date time is now resolved.
* \#I366946 - Chart data lables are now rendered properly in chart to image conversion even if the series has empty value.
* \#I367652 - Resolved the index out of range exeption thrown if the category and value axis ranges of chart series is not equal.
* \#I367360 - Text box with cell reference in text is now rendered properly in Excel to PDF conversion.

