---
title: Essential Studio for ASP.NET Weekly Nuget Release Release Notes  
description: Essential Studio for ASP.NET Weekly Nuget Release Release Notes  
platform: aspnet
documentation: ug
---

# Essential Studio for ASP.NET  Release Notes  

{% include release-info.html date="February 08, 2022"  version="v19.4.0.50" %} 






## DocIO

### Bug Fixes
{:#DocIO-bug-fixes}

* \#F171754 - Text found properly while finding a text in Word document using `FindSingleLine()` method.
* \#I361319 - Bookmark content is now replaced properly while resaving a DOCX format document.
* \#F171754 - Text is now replaced properly while replacing text in a Word document using `ReplaceSingleLine()` method.
* \#I361733 - Document will no longer be corrupted while executing nested mail merge in a Word document.
* \#I362350 - Mail merge is now executed properly in a Word document.
* \#I363683 - Horizontal line is now preserved properly while converting a Word document to PDF.
## pdf

### Bug Fixes
{:#PDF-bug-fixes}

* \#I363175, I363170 - Background color and clipping issue will no longer occur while converting EMF to PDF. 
* \#I357334 - Line border is shown properly when zooming in and out for the converted Word to PDF document. 
* \#I363355 - Line caption will be preserved properly when flattening line annotation. 
* \#I360055 - Runtime exception will no longer occur while getting annotations from the existing PDF document. 
* \#F171847 - Free text annotation padding is now proper while preserving appearance in our library. 
* \#I363573 - Form fields are now individually flattened properly. 
* \#F172143 - Page overlapping issue is now resolved when drawing a nested PDF grid with a multiple number of rows. 
 
## Presentation

### Bug Fixes
{:#Presentation-bug-fixes}

* \#I361739 - PowerPoint presentation is now opened properly while adding the empty string into empty paragraph.
## XlsIO

### Bug Fixes
{:#xlsio-bug-fixes}

* \#F171940 - Display text of a hidden column is now rounded off correctly.
* \#I361370 - The OFFSET method now returns a range of same size as the input range.
* \#F171824 - Pivot field font size is now correct while changing the sorting order in Microsoft Excel.
