---
title: Essential Studio for ASP.NET Weekly Nuget Release Release Notes  
description: Essential Studio for ASP.NET Weekly Nuget Release Release Notes  
platform: aspnet
documentation: ug
---

# Essential Studio for ASP.NET  Release Notes  

{% include release-info.html date="August 17, 2021"  version="v19.2.0.56" %} 



 %}



## DocIO

### Bug Fixes
{:#DocIO-bug-fixes}

* \#I337901 - IF field is now updated properly while calling `UpdateDocumentFields()` method.
* \#FB27108 - The **EndOfStreamException** will no longer be thrown while opening a DOC format document.
* \#FB27307 - Image is now preserve properly while resaving a DOCX format document
* \#I336964 - The **OutOfMemoryException** will no longer be thrown while cloning a Word document.
* \#I338277 - RTL number is now preserved properly while converting a Word document to PDF.
* \#I337903 - Text color is now preserved properly while converting a Word document to PDF.
* \#I337902 - Tab is now preserved properly while converting a Word document to PDF.
* \#I336652 - Shape and Textbox edges are now preserved properly while converting a Word document to PDF.
* \#I337142 - Image position is now preserved properly while converting a Word document to PDF.
## pdf

No Changes for this product in this version.

[//]: # "Delete the contents of this file while new content is added."

## Presentation

### Bug Fixes
{:#Presentation-bug-fixes}

* \#I336013 - Paragraph font properties are now applied properly while converting a PowerPoint presentation to Image.
## XlsIO

### Bug Fixes
{:#xlsio-bug-fixes}

* \#F167079 - Chart title area is now preserved properly when the title is set as empty.
* \#I329608 - Cell styles for merged regions are now copied properly while using Template Markers.
* \#I336161 - Exception thrown while opening an Excel document with single quotes on external named range is now resolved.
* \#I323739, |#I339258 - Argument exception thrown while converting Excel document to PDF is now resolved.
* \#336706 - Exception thrown while converting Excel document with PrintNoComments option enabled in PageSetup to PDF is now resolved.
* Data bar with RTL direction is now proper while converting Excel document to PDF.
* EndsWith operator in conditional format is now applied properly for blank cells with formula, in Excel to PDF conversion.
* Performance issue while converting Excel document with Data bar conditional format having large data range to PDF is now resolved.
* Name property of Shape now returns proper AutoShape name instead of null.
* AutoShape texture or picture fill are now preserved properly while creating Excel document.
* Strikeout in header and footer is now rendered properly in Excel to PDF conversion.


