---
title: Essential Studio for ASP.NET 2021 volume 2 SP1 Release Notes  
description: Essential Studio for ASP.NET 2021 volume 2 SP1 Release Notes  
platform: aspnet
documentation: ug
---

# Essential Studio for ASP.NET  Release Notes  

{% include release-info.html date="August 11, 2021"  version="v19.2.0.55" %} 






## DocIO

### Bug Fixes
{:#DocIO-bug-fixes}

* \#I327306, \#I334309, \#I336202, \#I336652 - Table is now preserved properly while converting the DOCX format document to PDF.
* \#I331426 - Text form field is now preserved properly while replacing the text of text form field.
* \#I330485 - Ole object is now preserved properly while saving the DOCX format document.
* \#I327263 - Hanging issue has been resolved while calling `RejectChanges()` method.
* \#I333912, \#I334480, \#FB26557 - IF field is now updated properly while calling `UpdateDocumentFields()` method.
* \#I333832 - Comment is now parsed properly while opening the RTF format document.
* \#I334216 - Paragraph is now preserved properly while converting the DOCX format document to PDF.
* \#I334851 - Comment is now parsed properly while opening the DOC format document.
* \#I335253 - The **ArgumentNullException** will no longer be thrown while opening the DOCX format document.
* \#I334753 - The **InvalidOperationException** will no longer be thrown while converting the DOCX format document to HTML.
* \#I335244 - Heading paragraph is now exported as bookmark properly while converting the RTF format document to PDF.
* \#I335094 - Hanging issue has been resolved while calling `AcceptChanges()` method.
* \#I336652 - Textbox is now preserved properly while converting the DOCX format document to PDF.
* \#I334644 - Bookmark content is now replaced properly while calling `ReplaceBookmarkContent()` method.
* \#I336519 - Image is now preserved properly while resaving the DOCX format document.
* \#FB26691 - List numbering is now preserved properly while merging the Word documents.
* \#FB26614 - Date field is now updated properly while calling `UpdateDocumentFields()` method.
* \#I325898 - Table border is now preserved properly while converting a Word document to PDF.
* \#I331492 - Shape is now preserved properly while converting a Word document to PDF.
* \#I331818 - Image positioning is now preserved properly while converting a Word document to PDF.
* \#I331611 - Exponent text is now preserved properly while converting a Word document to PDF.
* \#F165847 - WCAG standard will be maintained in Word to PDF conversion with PDF/A1A conformance.
* \#I332387 - The **ArgumentNullException** will no longer be thrown when converting a Word document to PDF.
* \#FB26471 - Page number is now updated properly while converting a Word document to PDF.
* \#I320911 - RTL number is now preserved properly while converting a Word document to PDF.
* \#I333811 - Text is now aligned properly while converting a Word document to PDF.
* \#I333912, \#I334483, \#I333550 - Text is now preserved properly while converting a Word document to PDF.
* \#I335265, \#I336652 - List number is now preserved properly while converting a Word document to PDF.
* \#I335256 - Heading paragraphs in table cell is now skipped to export as a bookmark while converting a Word document to PDF.
* \#I335510 - Table is now preserved properly while converting a Word document to PDF.
* \#FB26928 - RTL paragraph is now aligned properly while converting Word document to PDF.
* \#I331818, \#I335853, \#I332666 - Hanging issue has been resolved while converting a Word document to PDF.
* \#I336652 - Picture bullet is now preserved properly while converting a Word document to PDF.
* \#I336652 - Text size is now preserved properly while converting a Word document to PDF.
* \#I336652 - Shape is now positioned properly while converting a Word document to PDF.
* \#FB27360 - List character is now preserved properly while converting a Word document to PDF.
* \#I337255 - Text in table cell is now preserved properly while converting a Word document to PDF.
* \#I336652, \#I337144 - Tab is now preserved properly while converting Word document to PDF.
* \#I336652 - Underline is now preserved properly when converting a Word document to PDF.
## PDF

### Bug Fixes
{:#PDF-bug-fixes}

* \#332856 - Line Annotation border will be preserved properly while increasing the border width.
* \#337083 - PDF page CropBox values will be retrieved properly.
* \#336773 - Form fields value will be shown properly while merging PDF documents.
* \#336179 - NullReferenceException will no longer occur while saving the PDF documents.
* \#335990 - ArgumentException will no longer occurs while getting font from the PdfLoadedFreeTextAnnotation.
* \#334841 - Exception will no longer occur while flattening the merged PDF document.
* \#330836 - GDI+ exception will no longer occur while applying the redaction to the PDF document.
* \#337268 - Font will be preserved properly on text box fields.
* \#334076 - Single Quote characters will be exported properly while exporting form fields.
* \#334841 - PDF page rotation angle will be returned properly.
* \#336170 - Text box value will be retrieved properly.
* \#323894, \#336173 - HatchBrush and Pattern clip will be preserved properly while converting EMF to PDF.
* \#335703 - PDF file no longer corrupted while compressing.
* \#335455 - The preservation issue will no longer occur while converting PDF to PDF/A-2B.
* \#334968 - Replace image will not be increased on the PDF file size.
* \#334669 - Contents inside the grid will be word-wrapped properly.
* \#333884, 333858 - Preservation issue will no longer occur while converting EMF to PDF.
* \#166356 - The certificate status will be returned properly from the existing signature field.
* \#332200 - Form field values will be preserved properly.
* \#323169, \#323166, \#323190 - Form fields data will be exported equivalent to Adobe Acrobat.
* \#331722 - Annotations will be added properly while importing pages from another PDF document.
* \#331305 - Additional section tags will not be added while creating tagged PDF documents.
* \#331188 - Exception will no longer occur while adding a barcode to the X1A conformance PDF document.
* \#330626 - Conformance validation will be succeeded properly while converting PDF document to PDF/A.
* \#326750 -  Tags will be reading properly on their order while creating a PDF grid.
* \#323961, \#335383 - The preservation issue will no longer occur while converting EMF to PDF.
* \#334405 - Annotations multiline comments will be exported properly.
* \#325515 - Annotations will be located properly if the PDF document contains crop box entries.
* \#331429 - Overlapping issue will no longer occur while drawing a PDF grid with row/column-span.
* \#332041 - Exception will be no longer occurs while signing PDF on web platforms.
* \#336493 - NullReferenceException will no longer occur while converting PDF to PDF/A.
* \#334340 - QR barcode size will be retrieved properly before drawn it to the PDF document.

## Presentation

### Bug Fixes
{:#Presentation-bug-fixes}

* \#I331919 - The **IndexOutOfRangeException** will no longer be thrown while opening the PowerPoint presentation with empty VML shape.
* \#I336115 - The **NullReferenceException** will no longer be thrown while cloning the PowerPoint presentation with table.
* \#F167364 - Created Notes slide is now preserved properly while opening in Mac Keynote application.
* \#I331339 - The **NullReferenceException** will no longer be thrown while converting a PowerPoint presentation to PDF.
* \#I333088 - Placeholder margin is now applied properly while converting a PowerPoint presentation to PDF.
## XlsIO

### Bug Fixes
{:#xlsio-bug-fixes}

* \#I330055 - Formula with negative values are now handled properly.
* \#I323615 - Series names in pivot chart are now properly rendered in chart to image conversion.
* \#I332009 - ArgumentNullException thrown while converting chart with missing data label to image is now resolved.
* \#I332467 - Binary records parsing is now correct while opening an XLSB document.
* \#I331857 - Split texts are now handled properly in Excel to PDF conversion.
* \#I333060 - File corruption while creating pivot table containing row fields with mixed values is now resolved.
* \#I333270 - Pivot table values field position is now preserved properly while resaving the Excel document.
* \#I332751 - Pivot cache fields with empty values are now handled properly while resaving the Excel document.
* \#I332362 - Null reference exception thrown in chart to image conversion is now resolved.
* \#FB26790 - Option button check state is now updated properly for different linked cell.
* \#FB26791 - XmlException thrown while setting value in option button linked cell is now resolved.
* \#I334495, \#I335887 - Chart data labels with manual layout are now preserved properly.
* \#I334666 - Chart label values are now proper for the double format in Excel To PDF conversion for NET50.
* Pivot table with indent level is now properly converted to Image.
* Shape text color is now rendered properly when the black and white PageSetup setting is enabled.
* Text box with picture and texture fill is now proper while resaving the Excel document.
* Text box with picture and texture fill is now proper in Excel to PDF conversion.
* Hyperlink default color is now correct while creating the hyperlink. 
* Shape borders are now proper while resaving the Excel document.
* Pivot table data field base field number format is now proper.
* Shape text color with black and white page setup settings is now rendered properly in Excel to PDF conversion.
* Shapes RTF text with underline is now rendered properly in Excel to PDF conversion.
* NullReference exception thrown while converting Excel to PDF is now resolved.
* Bangladesh and Khmer accounting number formats are now rendered properly in Excel to PDF conversion.
* Checkbox with dotted-round border style is now preserved properly while creating the Excel document.
* RichText is now applied properly in shape text while dong AddCopy of Excel worksheet.
* Font name and size of comment shape text are proper while creating the Excel document.
* Between and not between operators in conditional formatting are now applied properly for blank cells with boolean value in Excel to PDF conversion.
* Excel document with conditional format and black and white page setup settings are now rendered properly in Excel to PDF conversion.
* The number format of the text box text is preserved properly while converting Excel to PDF.
