---
title: Essential Studio for ASP.NET Weekly Nuget Release Release Notes  
description: Essential Studio for ASP.NET Weekly Nuget Release Release Notes  
platform: aspnet
documentation: ug
---

# Essential Studio for ASP.NET  Release Notes  

{% include release-info.html date="March 01, 2022"  version="v19.4.0.54" %} 





## DocIO

### Bug Fixes
{:#DocIO-bug-fixes}

* \#I368444 - The **NullReferenceException** will no longer be thrown while converting a Word document to PDF.
* \#I368522 - Document will no longer be corrupted while resaving DOCX document.

## pdf

### Bug Fixes
{:#PDF-bug-fixes}

* \#I367124 - Dropdown field values are now shown properly while importing XML in the XFA document. 
* \#I366599 - The shape is drawn properly while converting XPS to PDF conversion. 
* \#I367733, I367109 - Null reference exception will no longer occur while getting annotation from an existing PDF document. 
 
## Presentation

### Bug Fixes
{:#Presentation-bug-fixes}

* \#I366013 - Multicolumn content now preserved properly while converting a PowerPoint presentation to Image.
* \#F172664 - The **IndexOutOfRangeException** will no longer be thrown while moving a cloned slides into the PowerPoint presentation section.
## XlsIO

### Bug Fixes
{:#xlsio-bug-fixes}

* \#I366252 - A value with more than 2 digits being cropped in value axis label of bar chart in chart to image coversion is now resolved. 
* \#I366365 - Font size of dta label is now rendered properly in chart to image conversion.
* \#I366013 - Category labels are now rendered properly in chart to image conversion even while enabling the reverse order.
* \#I366084 - Null refernce exception thrown while converting 3D chart series with no cache values to image is now resolved.

