---
title: Essential Studio for ASP.NET Weekly Nuget Release Release Notes  
description: Essential Studio for ASP.NET Weekly Nuget Release Release Notes  
platform: aspnet
documentation: ug
---

# Essential Studio for ASP.NET  Release Notes  

{% include release-info.html date="October 19, 2021"  version="v19.3.0.46" %} 



 %}



## DocIO

### Bug Fixes
{:#DocIO-bug-fixes}

* \#I341105 - The **StackOverflowException** will no longer be thrown while calling `AcceptChanges()` method.
* \#I342621 - Hanging issue has been resolved while opening a DOCX format document.
* \#I343124 - Shape and image are now preserved properly while resaving a RTF format document.
* \#I342402 - The **ArgumentOutOfRangeException** will no longer be thrown while opening a RTF format document.
* \#I341909 - The **XMLException** will no longer be thrown while opening a DOCX format document.
* \#FB28776 - The **InvalidOperationException** will no longer be thrown while removing a style from a Word document.
* \#FB28166 - IF field is now updated properly while calling `UpdateDocumentFields()` method.
* \#F168614, \#FB28165 - The **InvalidOperationException** will no longer be thrown while resaving a DOCX format document.
* \#I343605 - The **NullReferenceException** will no longer be thrown while opening a Word document.
* \#I343856 - Text is now preserved properly while resaving a RTF format document.
* \#I342251 - Emoji is now preserved properly while converting a DOCX format to PDF.
* \#I342795 - Table cells are preserved properly while converting a RTF format document to PDF.
* \#I341531, \#I342859 - Image is now preserved properly while converting a Word document to PDF.
* \#FB29056, \#I342808 - Table is now preserved properly while converting a DOCX format document to PDF.
* \#I342250, \#I344435 - Table is now preserved properly while converting a Word document to PDF.
* \#I343961, \#I343550 - Text is now preserved properly while converting a Word document to PDF.
* \#I344560 - Page number is now preserved properly while converting a DOCX format document to PDF.
* \#I343474 - Text in group shape is now preserved properly while converting a Word document to PDF.
* \#F169301 - Strikethrough is now preserved properly while converting a Word document to PDF.
* \#I340593 - Textbox position is now preserved properly while converting a Word document to PDF.
* \#I343477 - Text in frame is now preserved properly while converting a Word document to PDF.
* \#FB28775 - Checkbox is now preserved properly while converting a Word document to PDF.

## pdf

No Changes for this product in this version.

[//]: # "Delete the contents of this file while new content is added."

## Presentation

No Changes for this product in this version.

[//]: # "Delete the contents of this file while new content is added."

## XlsIO

### Bug Fixes
{:#xlsio-bug-fixes}

* \#I342141, \#I342694 - Data label font size is now proper while cloning the chart.
* \#I332362- Legend entries are now rendered properly in chart to image conversion.
* \#I343761 - Default column width is now maintained correctly while parsing the Excel document.
* \#I342426 - Legend entries are now proper while converting chart with multiple series to image.
* \#I342424 - Column clustered chart with date time axis is now rendered properly in chart to image conversion.
* \#I342677 - Bitmap image is now rendered properly in Excel to PDF conversion.
* Rich-text is now preserved properly while creating an Excel table is Rich-text range.
* Monochromatic color applied for chart series is now preserved properly while resaving the Excel document.
* SVG image is now preserved properly while add copying the Excel worksheet.
* Table built-in style is now rendered properly while converting Excel to PDF for latest Excel version.
* Table built-in style with double and medium border is now rendered properly while converting Excel to PDF for latest Excel version.
