---
title: Essential Studio for ASP.NET Weekly Nuget Release Release Notes  
description: Essential Studio for ASP.NET Weekly Nuget Release Release Notes  
platform: aspnet
documentation: ug
---

# Essential Studio for ASP.NET  Release Notes  

{% include release-info.html date="January 11, 2022"  version="v19.4.0.42" %} 





## ejAutocomplete

### Bug Fixes	
{:#ejAutocomplete-bug-fixes}

* `#SF358961` - The issue with “The Autocomplete maintains the first selected value after post back” has been resolved.
## DocIO

### Bug Fixes
{:#DocIO-bug-fixes}

* \#I358489 - Text is now preserved properly while merging a DOCX format document to DOC format document.
* \#I360176 - If field is now updated properly while calling `UpdateDocumentFields()` method.
## PDF

### Bug Fixes
{:#PDF-bug-fixes}

* \#F172317 - The cell width issue has now been resolved when applying column-span in the child grid. 
* The dash style is shown properly when drawing a pen with zero width. 
* \#I363406 - Grid overlapping issue will no longer occur while exporting the hierarchical grid. 
* \#I364934 - Key not found exception will no longer occur while drawing template from the existing PDF document. 
* \#I365065 - Text box field values will be preserved properly when signing the PDF document. 
* \#I364032 - Form fields are flattened properly when flattening the form fields in a specific document. 
* \#I363434 - Free text annotation is now exported properly in XFDF format.


## Presentation

No Changes for this product in this version.

[//]: # "Delete the contents of this file while new content is added."

## XlsIO

### Bug Fixes
{:#xlsio-bug-fixes}

* \#F171424 - Marker style of scatter chart is now cloned properly while resaving the Excel document.
* \#I356060 - Enabled CalcEngine for newly created worksheet in a CalcEngine enabled workbook.

