---
title: Essential Studio for ASP.NET 2021 volume 1 Main Release Notes  
description: Essential Studio for ASP.NET 2021 volume 1 Main Release Notes  
platform: aspnet
documentation: ug
---

# Essential Studio for ASP.NET  Release Notes  

{% include release-info.html date="March 30, 2021"  version="v19.1.0.54" %} 






## DocIO

### Features
{:#DocIO-features}

* \#269076, \#296116 - Added support to remove style in Word documents.
* Added support to write CSS styles as inline while converting a Word document to HTML.
* \#311776, \#302215, \#297755, \#118462, \#125999, \#133722, \#151486, \#170896, \#183211, \#183778, \#191489, \#195128, \#199992, \#200936, \#203481, \#218848, \#239576, \#254565, \#269662, \#274414, \#279967, \#280229, \#285425, \#288916, \#290624, \#291690, \#292975, \#302441, \#313947, \#F123823 - Added support to preserve custom shapes (DrawingML) in Word to PDF conversion.
* \#311781 - Added support to preserve line shape with stealth arrowhead in Word to PDF conversion.
* \#309154 - Added support to preserve Arabic text with character spacing in Word to PDF conversion.

### Bug Fixes
{:#DocIO-bug-fixes}

* \#309791 - The **OutOfMemoryException** exception will no longer be thrown while opening a DOCX format document.
* \#305623 - Encoded Chinese characters are now preserved properly while resaving a RTF format document.
* \#F161643 - Table is now preserved properly while saving a ODT format document in Italian culture.
* \#307321 - Text wrapping styles for textbox are now parsed properly while opening a DOCX format document.
* \#310403 - Image is now preserved properly while converting a DOC to DOCX format document.
* \#313607, \#313824  - IF fields are now updated properly while calling `UpdateDocumentFields()` method.
* \#314299, \#313605 - Table is now preserved properly while converting a Word document to PDF.
* \#313603 - Table of contents is now preserved properly while calling `UpdateTableOfContents()` method.
* \#312923 -  Table alignment is now preserved properly while converting a HTML to DOCX format document.
* \#313609 - The **ArgumentException** will no longer be thrown while converting a Word document to PDF.
* \#312957, \#313774 - The default image is now preserved properly when a corresponding image does not exist in the given path.
* \#313969 - AutoNum field result is now preserved properly while converting a Word document to PDF.
* \#312793 - Content control is now preserved properly when converting a Word document to PDF.
* \#313959 - The **NullReferenceException** will no longer be thrown while calling `UpdateDocumentFields()` method.
* \#313943 - List value is now parsed properly while opening a DOCX format document.
* \#316016 - Textbox is now preserved properly while converting a Word document to PDF.
* \#316540, \#316394 - Font size is now preserved properly while converting Word document to PDF.
* \#315632, \#316311 - Hanging issue has been resolved while creating a waterfall chart in a Word document.
* \#317998 - The **StackOverflowException** will no longer be thrown when calling `UpdateDocumentFields()` method.
* \#317514 - Document will no longer corrupted while resaving a DOCX format document.
* \#316710 - Mail merge is now executed properly in a Word document. 
* \#317425 - Track changes options are now preserved properly while resaving the protected DOCX format document.
* \#309545 - Hanging issue has been resolved while converting a Word document to PDF.
* \#309412 - The **ArgumentOutOfRangeException** will no longer be thrown when converting Word document to PDF.
* Column spacing is now properly while converting a Word document to PDF.
* \#305623 - Chinese characters are now preserved properly while resaving a RTF format document.
* \#297755, \#302215 - ChildShape positions value is now preserved properly while opening a Word document.
* \#307506 - Text background color is now preserved properly while converting a Word document to HTML file.	
* \#160177 - The **XmlException** will no longer be thrown while opening a Word document.
* \#306696 - Page break is now preserved properly while converting a HTML file to DOCX format conversion.
* Editable ranges is now preserved properly for content controls while resaving a Word document.
* \#305864 - Content formatting is now preserved properly while resaving a Word document.
* \#306498 - Table left indent is now properly preserved while converting a RTF format document to PDF.
* \#307241 - The **NullReferenceException** will no longer be thrown while opening a Word document.
* \#306319 - Content is now preserved properly while converting a DOCX to RTF format document.
* \#304956 - Content is now preserved properly while converting a Word document to PDF.
* \#305716 - Content controls is now preserved properly while resaving a Word document.
* \#159692 - The `XHTMLValidation.None` type is now working properly while opening an HTML format document.
* \#305277 - The **ArgumentOutOfRangeException** will no longer be thrown while parsing a Word document.
* \#306345 - Symbol is now preserved properly while updating table of content in Word document.
* \#306333 - Image is now preserved properly while calling `UpdateAlternateChunks ()` method.
* \#306112 - Bullet list text is now preserved properly when resaving a Word document.
* \#306498, \#308557 - Table cell width is now preserved properly while converting a RTF format document to PDF.
* \#301823 - Table with horizontally merged cells in now preserved properly while parsing an RTF format document.
* \#302503 - Table is now properly preserved while converting a Word document to PDF.
* \#301968, \#306120 - Document is now preserved properly while importing the Word documents.
* \#302177 - The **ArgumentOutOfRangeException** will no longer be thrown while resaving a Word document.
* \#301208 - Font is now preserved properly when resaving a RTF format document.
* \#294075, \#305802 - Grid span values is now retrieved properly while parsing a RTF format document.
* \#258777 - Table is now properly preserved while converting a Word document to PDF. 
* \#308191 - Hanging will no longer occur while converting a Word document to PDF in specific culture.
* \#308099 - Right aligned textbox content is now preserved properly while converting a Word document to PDF.
* \#308058 - Spacing issue has been resolved while converting a Word document to PDF.
* \#305519 - Image is now preserved properly while converting a Word document to PDF.
* \#307596, \#I306667, \#I304349 - Table is now preserved properly while converting a Word document to PDF
* \#307074 - The **NullReferenceException** will no longer be thrown while converting a Word document to PDF.
* \#306359 - Custom list number is now preserved properly while converting a Word document to PDF.
* \#304956 - Paragraph is now preserved properly while converting a Word document to PDF.
* \#307074 - Vertical text in the vertically merged cell is now preserved properly while converting a Word document to PDF.
* \#303897 - Process time is now reduced while converting a Word document to PDF with line breaks.
* \#301907 - Text is now preserved properly while converting a Word document to Image.
* \#319402 - Picture watermark is now preserved properly while converting a Word document to Image.
* \#319084 - Text is now aligned properly while converting a Word document to PDF.
* \#318013 - The **KeyNotFoundException** will no longer be thrown while converting a Word document to PDF.
* \#313787 - Arabic parenthesis is now preserved properly while converting a Word document to PDF.
* \#315564 - Heading paragraph is now exported as bookmark while converting a Word document to PDF.
* \#313970 - Rotated textbox with table is now preserved properly while converting a Word document to PDF.
* \#313787 - RTL brackets are now preserved properly while converting a Word document to PDF with **EmbedFonts** property.
* \#F162308 - RTL numbers are now preserved properly while converting a Word document to PDF.
* \#313611, \#304349 - Text is now wrapped properly while converting a Word document to PDF.
* \#313602 - Table cell text is now aligned properly while converting a Word document to PDF.
* \#313603 - Font substitution is now working properly while converting a Word document to PDF.
* \#312793, \#314709 - Table is now preserved properly while converting a Word document to PDF.
* \#311156 - Frame paragraph in content control is now preserved properly while converting a Word document to PDF.
* \#304601, \#311773 - Shape fill color is preserved properly while converting a Word document to PDF.
* \#311774 - Shape is now aligned properly when converting a Word document to PDF.
* \#309938 - Frame table is now preserved properly while converting a Word document to PDF.
* \#310710 - Text formatting is now preserved properly while converting a Word document to PDF.
Feedback-22125 - Shapes are now preserved properly while converting a Word document to PDF.
## DropDownList

### Bug Fixes
{:#dropdownlist-bug-fixes}

* \#309138 - The issue in “Integration with widgets demo sample” has been resolved.

## Gantt

### Bug fixes
{:#gantt-bug-fixes}

* \#316693 - Issue on updating timeline, when tasks are dragged beyond the schedule dates has been fixed.
* \#316693 - Issue when `timescaleStartDateMode` is set as week has been fixed.

### Features
{:#gantt-features}

* \#309253 - Provided support for rendering holidays from server.

## PDF

### Features
{:#PDF-Features}

* \#284959 - Added support for custom text encoding in `PdfStandardFont`. 
* \#F160161, \#1312456, \#1315110 - Added support for deferred signing in PDF document. 
* \#F157736 - Added support for signing the `ECDSA` based certificates.
* \#297823 - Added support for `PdfPageTemplate` element in PDF document. 
* \#307727, \#1309567 - Added support for `Zugferd 2.1` in PDF document. 
* \#313329 - Added support for line spacing in `PdfFreeTextAnnotation`. 
* \#307759 - Added support for find the unsupported images in PDF document while performing OCR. 
* \#315074 - Added support for getting media box in existing PDF document. 
* \#309507 - Added support to remove the form field item from `PdfLoadedFieldItem`.
* \#311920 - Added support to set the estimated signature size in digital signature. 
* \#308059 - Added support to lock or unlock the `PdfLayer` in a PDF document. 
* Improved the redaction performance and memory usage. 


### Bug Fixes
{:#PDF-bug-fixes}

* \#275644 – Exception no longer occurs while getting page of form field in existing PDF document. 
* \#307760 – Exception no longer occurs while creating radio button with special characters. 
* \#308456 – Exception lo longer occurs while saving and loading the document with same stream.
* \#307511 – PDF to PDF A2B converted PDF document conformance will be validated properly.
* \#294252 – Patterns will be preserved properly while converting EMF to PDF. 
* \#311322 – Bookmarks will be preserved properly while merging PDF documents.
* \#311301 – Signature validation result will work properly based on the signature. 
* \#309623 – Exception no longer occurs while load and save the PDF document in open and repair mode.  
* \#308359 – `PdfGrid` will be preserved properly while exporting with header and footer. 
* \#307922 – `NullReferenceException` no longer occurs while split the PDF document.
* \#311905 – `PdfAnnotation` will not be modified while adding multiple signatures to existing PDF document. 
* \#311680 – Pdf syntax error no longer occurs while converting Word to PDF document. 
* \#312424 – `PdfAnnotation` will be preserved properly while flatten the PDF document.
* \#312519 – Conformance will be validated properly with Pdf to Pdf A1B converted documents. 
* \#312860 – `PdfGrid` will be preserved properly in PDF document. 
* \#312876 – Hanging issue no longer occurs while replace the images in PDF document. 
* \#312689 – Ink points will be import and export properly from PDF document. 
* \#311057 – Performance of open and repair mode is optimized. 
* \#313870 – `PdfDocument` will be open properly while using `EncryptAllContentsExceptMetadata` option.
* \#312539 – `NullReferenceException` no longer occurs while save and load the document multiple times. 
* \#313608 – Euro symbol will be preserved properly without invisible character in Word to PDF conversion. 
* \#314034 – Exception will no longer occurs while setting location to `PdfRubberStampAnnotation`.
* \#313527 - `ArgumentOutOfRangeException` no longer occurs while exporting the annotation with XFDF format.
* \#314209 – `PdfAnnotation` will not be modified while validating the signatures.
* \#314472 – Contents will be preserved properly while converting EMF to PDF. 
* \#313759 – `FillColor` will be applied properly while redact the PDF content. 
* \#314443 – `NullReferenceException` no longer occurs while converting Word to PDF document. 
* \#315311 – Exception will no longer occurs while converting PDF to PDF A1B.
* \#315327 – XFDF file will be preserved properly while import and export with PDF documents. 
* \#315629 – Metadata will be removed properly from existing PDF document. 
* \#315638 – Conformance will be preserved properly while converting Word to PDF A1B document. 
* \#315861 – Exception will no longer occurs while loading PDF document in open and repair mode. 
* \#315951 – `NullReferenceException` no longer occurs while flatten the form fields. 
* \#315893 – Content will be preserved properly while converting PDF to PDF A1B.
* \#316371 – `PdfGrid` will be preserved properly while adding to PDF document. 
* \#316814 – `NullReferenceException` no longer occurs while adding grid with tagged PDF. 
* \#312876 – File size will not be increased while replacing the resized image. 
* \#317818 – `XPathException` will no longer occurs while converting PDF to PDF A2B.
* \#317288 – `PdfPageRotation` will be working properly in a PDF document. 
* \#319342 – Exception will no longer occurs while getting page count in existing PDF document. 
* \#316756, \#318226 – File size will be optimized properly with Pdf compression options. 
* \#314676, \#316168 – Signature field can be signed with XFA form in a PDF document. 
* \#312876, \#314828 – `ReplaceImage` will be work properly with resized images. 
* \#313602, \#313604 – Baseline will be aligned properly while converting Word to PDF document. 
* \#307514, \#307512 – Value cannot be null exception no longer occurs while importing pages to new PDF document.
* \#310461, \#F163008 – Digital signature no longer breaks while accessing `UsedFont` from existing PDF document.
* \#314039, \#315994, \#316543, \#316721 – Bookmarks will be cleared properly while removing bookmarks. 
* \#F163244 – Content will be preserved properly while converting Word to PDF conversion. 
* \#F161434 – Calculation actions will be working properly after merging existing PDF documents. 
* \#308613 – Exception will no longer occurs when load and save the existing PDF document. 
* \#307124 - Radio button field bounds will be retrieved properly from an existing PDF document. 
* \#307610 - NullReferenceException no longer occurs with `IsBlank` property. 
* \#304924 – Form fields will be preserved properly when flatten the PDF document. 
* \#310407 – `PdfJavaScript` actions will be removed properly in existing PDF document. 
* \#308993 – Hash value will be returned properly for same PDF documents.
* \#307727 - `ZUGFeRD` conformance will be validated properly while adding file as attachment to PDF document.
* \#307713 – Text will be redacted properly in existing PDF document. 
* \#294252 – EMF will be preserved properly in EMF to PDF conversion. 
* \#304676 – Content will be preserved properly when creating template from existing PDF document. 
* \#295922 – `TextDataCollection` will be retrieved properly when extract text from existing PDF document. 
* \#300080 - Accessibility will be fulfilled while created Tagged the PDF document in PAC tool.
* \#308555 – Target invocation exception will no occurs while performing OCR (v4.0).
* \#306937 - `OCRProcessor` will return the text with proper spacing and alignments.
* \#304919, \#307413 - The alternate text will set properly in text and title while creating the pdf with `AutoTag`.
* \#307335 - `StackOverflowException` no longer occurs while getting the used font in existing pdf document.
* \#304857 – Annotations will be preserved properly while import and flatten. 
* \#300782 – Date values will be retrieved properly while getting from document information.
* \#309900 - `NullReferenceException` no longer occurs while trying to get form fields in particular PDF document.
* \#308978 - `NullReferenceException` will no longer occurs while merging PDF documents.
* \#308672 – `ArgumentException` no longer occurs while converting PDF to `PDF/A3-B` document.
* \#308059 - PdfLayer will be preserved properly while splitting the PDF document.
* \#307838 - Conformance will be validated properly in `VeraPDF` while converting given PDF to `PDF/A-1B`.
* \#307526 - Signature appearance will be preserved properly with `EnableValidationAppearance`.
* \#306618 - `PdfLoadedComboBoxField` will return the correct font size.
* \#307348 - Exception will no longer occurs while export and import annotation with text containing special characters.
* \#306402 - `NullReferenceException` will no longer occurs when enabling LTV.
* \#305934 - Exception no longer occurs while adding `PdfCode128ABarcode` to PDF/A-3B document.
* \#305958 - Bookmarks text rendering issue no longer occurs while flattening the annotation in that particular PDF. 
* \#305203 - Text length is greater than the data capacity of error correction level exception no longer occurs in QrBarcode.
* \#304454 - Replaced fonts will be updated properly in the resultant PDF document.
* \#F161217 - `StackOverflowException` will no longer occurs while finding the corrupted PDF document.
## Presentation

### Features
{:#Presentation-features}

* \#297656 - Provided support to embed a binary file as OLE Object in a PowerPoint document.
* \#297656, \#298474 – Exposed the `DisplayAsIcon` API in `IOleObject` to open an embedded OLE Object in another application.

### Bug Fixes
{:#Presentation-bug-fixes}

* \#308422 - ITextPart.Font.FontSize property is now return proper font size value.
* \#306486, \#301595 - Line spacing is now applied properly while converting a PowerPoint presentation to PDF.
* \#307319 - Picture quality get improved while converting a PowerPoint presentation to PDF.
* \#306482 - Arrow cap is now preserved properly while converting a PowerPoint presentation to PDF.
* \#314176 - The **KeyNotFoundException** will no longer be thrown while opening a PowerPoint presentation with SmartArt Hyperlink.
* \#310918, \#312550 - The **IndexOutOfRangeException** will no longer be thrown while opening a PowerPoint presentation with empty bullet character.
* \#310002 - The **NullReferenceException** will no longer be thrown while inserting a slide with SourceFormatting option into same Presentation document.
* \#308582, \#312071 - Font name is now applied properly for Thai characters.
* \#312566 - Solid Fill is now applied properly for custom shape while converting a PowerPoint presentation to Image.
* \#317924 - Clone and merge with `UseDestinationTheme` functionality is now working properly.
* \#317078 - The **NullReferenceException** will no longer be thrown while converting a PowerPoint presentation to PDF.
* Hanging will no longer occurs while opening a PowerPoint presentation with empty solid fill.
## Treemap
 
### Bug Fixes
{:#treemap-bug-fixes}
 
* \#F162928 - Warnings will not be thrown when the tags `TreeMapUniColorMapping` and `LeafItemSettings` are initialized.

## XlsIO

### Bug Fixes
{:#xlsio-bug-fixes}

* \#304210 - Pivot table page field filter is now working fine.
* \#305776 - Pivot filter MeasureHierAttribute is now handled properly.
* \#299134 - Excel document with pivot table filters and pivot table number formats are now working fine.
* \#302479 - Excel document with pivot table is no longer corrupted while resaving.
* \#304958 - Standard width is now correct after AddCopy operation.
* \#304403 - Image position is now correct after autofit columns operation in a copied worksheet.
* \#305064 - Exception is no longer thrown while converting pivot table in worksheet to image conversion.
* \#305842 - Cell style is now correct after AddCopy operation.
* \#304124 - Cell text with accounting format is now rendered properly for the cell with indent level.
* \#307537 - Conditional format number value is now correct when changing the system culture.
* \#306110 - Row format is now correct while refreshing data in the table.
* \#301881 - Exception is no longer thrown while resaving the Excel document when duplicate styles exist.
* \#305006 - Performance is improved and sparklines are now preserved properly when deleting the row.
* \#305477 - Cell color is now updated properly for databar in Excel to HTML conversion.
* \#302479 - Excel document is no longer corrupted while resaving with pivot table.
* \#308429 - Corruption no longer occurs while opening the file with pivot table using Excel 2013.
* \#307768 - Exception is no longer thrown when refreshing the table with external connection.
* \#306248 - Cell borders are now rendered properly when adjacent cells have different border colors.
* \#311707 - Striped right arrow AutoShape is now rendered properly in Excel to PDF conversion.
* \#309735 - TextBox position is now rendered properly when converting the Excel to PDF with `EnableFormFields`.
* \#309605 - IndexOutOfRange exception is no longer thrown for the combinational chart in Excel to PDF conversion.
* \#310396 - Chart title and axis title with Japanese character is now rendered properly in Excel to PDF conversion.
* \#310319 - Conditional format is now proper in Excel to PDF conversion when using relative cell address.
* \#310561 - Template marker copy range is now applied properly for relative conditional format formula.
* \#310022 - String type number value is now detected and changed to an actual number value.
* \#312715 - Hair border with black color is now proper in worksheet to image conversion.
* \#311736 - Cell border is now rendered properly in worksheet to image conversion.
* \#312729 - Chart title text is no longer changed into bold fonts in chart to image conversion.
* \#312529 - Indent level is no longer increased while converting pivot table to image.
* \#312426 - Custom time is now correct while creating an Excel document.
* \#312932 - Cell value is no longer rounded off while resaving the document as CSV.
* \#312736 - Chart series is no longer rendered with solid line instead of dot line in chart to image conversion.
* \#314458 - Chart series is no longer rendered with connected lines in chart to image conversion.
* \#286882 - Background color is now applied properly in pivot value fields.
* \#314457 - Chart legend icon is now rendered with fill color in chart to image conversion.
* \#315165 - Picture is no longer missed while using `ParseOnDemand` option.
* \#F160013 - Unicode symbols are no longer missed in Excel to PDF conversion.
* Scatter chart with smooth line is now rendered properly while converting the chart to image.
* Conditional format applied to EntireColumn is now preserved properly while resaving the XLSX file in XLS format.
* MissingManifestResourceException is no longer thrown when parsing the Excel document.
* Null reference exception is no longer thrown while getting the `RowHeight` in Excel to PDF conversion.
* Exception is no longer thrown while parsing a formula in Excel to PDF conversion.
* Excel document with worksheet drawing is now parsed properly.
* NullReferenceException is no longer thrown while setting date time interval in the chart to image conversion.
* NullReferenceException is no longer thrown while converting the chart to image in Excel to PDF conversion.
* Chart category axis is now rendered properly when converting chart to image.
* Chart value axis with billion is no longer missed in Excel to PDF conversion.
