---
title: Essential Studio for ASP.NET Weekly Nuget Release Release Notes  
description: Essential Studio for ASP.NET Weekly Nuget Release Release Notes  
platform: aspnet
documentation: ug
---

# Essential Studio for ASP.NET  Release Notes  

{% include release-info.html date="April 13, 2021"  version="v19.1.0.56" %} 



 %}



## DocIO

No Changes for this product in this version.

[//]: # "Delete the contents of this file while new content is added."

## PDF

### Bug Fixes
{:#PDF-bug-fixes}


* \#320706 - TimeStampServer is now working properly with credentials in core platforms.
* \#320009 - Text rendering issues no longer occurs while filling the form fields with Arabic characters in the existing PDF document.
* \#319691 - Null reference exception will no longer be thrown while importing annotation in existing pdf document.
* \#317565 - File size will not be increased when creating font using a file path.
* \#319681 - Clipping issue has been resolved when converting EMF to PDF document.
* \#319073 - Font issue no longer occurs occurs while adding PdfHTMLTextElement text string with standard fonts in Net core.
* \#F163672 - Empty pages are now preserved properly while loading and saving the particular PDF document.

## Presentation

No Changes for this product in this version.

[//]: # "Delete the contents of this file while new content is added."

## XlsIO

### Bug Fixes
{:#xlsio-bug-fixes}

* \#I318471 - Font is correct in RTF text while parsing bullet formatting.
* \#I319080 - Correctly handled the Pivot cache area reference.
* \#I318774 - Two different types of conditional format icon sets are now applied correctly.
* \#I320381 - Excel file with the black-and-white option enabled in page settings is now converted properly to PDF.
* \#I319833 - OutOfMemoryException thrown while converting Excel to PDF is now resolved.
* \#I317378 - Cell border position is now correct for RTL direction in Excel to PDF conversion.
* \#I318795 - Hebrew text is now rendered properly in Excel to PDF conversion.
* \#I318796 - Shape text for RTL direction is now proper in Excel to PDF conversion.
* IndexOutOfRangeException thrown while converting chart series in PPTX to PDF is now resolved.
* Worksheet protected with empty password is now handled correctly.

