---
title: Essential Studio for ASP.NET Weekly Nuget Release Release Notes  
description: Essential Studio for ASP.NET Weekly Nuget Release Release Notes  
platform: aspnet
documentation: ug
---

# Essential Studio for ASP.NET  Release Notes  

{% include release-info.html date="February 15, 2022"  version="v19.4.0.52" %} 





## DocIO

### Bug Fixes
{:#DocIO-bug-fixes}

* \#I363267 - The **ArgumentException** will no longer be thrown while opening a DOCX format document.
* \#I363976 - Hanging issue has been resolved while converting a Word document to PDF.
* \#I363849 - Mail merge is now executed properly in a Word document.
* \#I353976 - Table is now preserved properly while resaving a DOCX format document. 

## pdf

### Bug Fixes
{:#PDF-bug-fixes}

* \#F172317 - The cell width issue has now been resolved when applying column-span in the child grid. 
* The dash style is shown properly when drawing a pen with zero width. 
* \#I363406 - Grid overlapping issue will no longer occur while exporting the hierarchical grid. 
* \#I364934 - Key not found exception will no longer occur while drawing template from the existing PDF document. 
* \#I365065 - Text box field values will be preserved properly when signing the PDF document. 
* \#I364032 - Form fields are flattened properly when flattening the form fields in a specific document. 
* \#I363434 - Free text annotation is now exported properly in XFDF format. 

## Presentation

### Bug Fixes
{:#Presentation-bug-fixes}

* \#I364177 - Layout slides are now referred properly while adding the slides into PowerPoint presentation.
## XlsIO

No Changes for this product in this version.

[//]: # "Delete the contents of this file while new content is added."

