---
title: Essential Studio for ASP.NET Weekly Nuget Release Release Notes  
description: Essential Studio for ASP.NET Weekly Nuget Release Release Notes  
platform: aspnet
documentation: ug
---

# Essential Studio for ASP.NET  Release Notes  

{% include release-info.html date="August 24, 2021"  version="v19.2.0.57" %} 



 %}



## DocIO

### Bug Fixes
{:#DocIO-bug-fixes}

* \#I337277, #I338429 - Table is now preserved properly while converting a Word document to PDF.
* \#I336652 - Text is now preserved properly while converting a Word document to PDF.
* \#I337139 - List number is now preserved properly while converting a Word document to PDF.
* \#I337146 - Text is now preserved properly while converting a Word document to PDF.
* \#I338693 - Hanging issue has been resolved while converting a Word document to PDF.
* \#I339224 - Image is now preserved properly when converting a Word document to PDF.
* \#I338971 - The **NullReferenceException** will not be thrown while a converting Word document to PDF.
## pdf

No Changes for this product in this version.

[//]: # "Delete the contents of this file while new content is added."

## Presentation

No Changes for this product in this version.

[//]: # "Delete the contents of this file while new content is added."

## XlsIO

### Bug Fixes
{:#xlsio-bug-fixes}

* \#FB27546 - Tab character included in table column header value is now returned properly.
* \#I336277 - Time value being shown as date in pivot table in .NET Core is now resolved.
* Superscript of comments are now rendered properly in Excel to PDF conversion.
* Specific text conditional format with formula is now proper when accessing and converting to PDF.
* Specific text conditional format with formula is now proper while creating and resaving the Excel document.
* Data bar with negative border color is now proper while resaving the Excel document and converting to PDF.

