---
title: Essential Studio for ASP.NET Weekly Nuget Release Release Notes  
description: Essential Studio for ASP.NET Weekly Nuget Release Release Notes  
platform: aspnet
documentation: ug
---

# Essential Studio for ASP.NET  Release Notes  

{% include release-info.html date="February 22, 2022"  version="v19.4.0.53" %} 






## DocIO

### Bug Fixes
{:#DocIO-bug-fixes}

* \#I362350 - Mail merge is now executed properly in a Word document.
* \#I366362 - Text is now preserved properly while converting a Word document to PDF.
* \#I365026 - The **NullReferenceException** will no longer be thrown while replacing line break in a Word document.

## pdf

### Bug Fixes
{:#PDF-bug-fixes}

* \#I365942 - The identical images are now optimized properly when converting XPS to PDF document. 

## Presentation

No Changes for this product in this version.

[//]: # "Delete the contents of this file while new content is added."

## XlsIO

### Bug Fixes
{:#xlsio-bug-fixes}

* \#I363842 - Argument out of range exception thrown while inserting a row where conditional formatting is applied for a discontinuous range is now resolved.
* \#F172648 - Application being hanged due to hidden images in Excel worksheet to image conversion is now resolved.
* \#I361191 - Application being hanged due to custom number format in Excel to PDF conversion in iOS is now resolved.
* \#F172299 - Cell text alignment is now proper while using merge argument in Template Marker, with nested collections.
* \#I364695 - Argument null exception thrown while opening an Excel document with no cell style name is now resolved.
* \#I364339 - Performance issue while applying custom style to a worksheet range with the first cell as empty in that range is now resolved.

