---
title: Essential Studio for ASP.NET Weekly Nuget Release Release Notes  
description: Essential Studio for ASP.NET Weekly Nuget Release Release Notes  
platform: aspnet
documentation: ug
---

# Essential Studio for ASP.NET  Release Notes  

{% include release-info.html date="December 28, 2021"  version="v19.4.0.40" %} 





## DocIO

No Changes for this product in this version.

[//]: # "Delete the contents of this file while new content is added."

## pdf

### Bug Fixes
{:#PDF-bug-fixes}

* \#I358887 - Clipping issue will no longer occur while converting EMF to PDF. 
* \#I357334 - Unwanted lines preservation issue will no longer occur while converting Word to PDF. 
* \#I358338 - Space between text content issues will no longer occur while converting Word to PDF. 
* \#I359164 - PdfStringLayouter result is now proper when the string starts with white space. 
* \#I356437 - Signature validation appearance tick mark is not preserved properly on rotated PDF documents. 
* \#I358302 - Duplicate pages will no longer be added while creating a PDF template. 
* \#I359287 - Popup annotations are now removed properly. 
* \#I356519 - Exception will no longer occur when adding timestamp server to the signature field. 
* \#F171198 - Cell clipping issue will no longer occur when drawing a PDF grid with row height on a nested grid. 

## Presentation

No Changes for this product in this version.

[//]: # "Delete the contents of this file while new content is added."

## XlsIO

### Bug Fixes
{:#xlsio-bug-fixes}

* \#I357442 - Excel file being corrupted while creating a pivot table with data source having large decimal value is now resolved. 
* \#I357309 - Inavlid named exception thrown while parsing named range with external sheet reference in ParseOnDemand option is now resolved. 
* \#F169945 - Color scale conditional formatting is now applied properly, even when the cell has more decimal points. 
* \#I355365 - Exporting data from Excel to nested object is proper even when worksheet contains blank cells. 
* \#I346725 - Gradient fill stop position is now changed properly in gradient type two-color while resaving the Excel document. 
* \#I348173 - Exporting data from Excel to multiple nested object classes is now handled properly. 
* \#I347519 - Axis cross position is now proper while creating the scatter chart. 
* \#I356711 - Argument exception thrown while un-zipping the zero kb zipped file is now resolved. 
* \#I354719 - Primary category axis with logarithmic scaling is now handled properly in Chart to Image conversion. 
* \#I353842 - Gridline dashed line pattern is now handled properly in Chart to Image conversion. 
* \#I354714 - Axis title of the chart with both positive and negative values is now rendered properly in Chart to Image conversion. 
* \#I348430 - Interpolated option in DisplayBlankAs is now handled properly for scatter chart in Chart to Image conversion. 

