---
title: Essential Studio for ASP.NET 2021 volume 1 SP1 Release Notes  
description: Essential Studio for ASP.NET 2021 volume 1 SP1 Release Notes  
platform: aspnet
documentation: ug
---

# Essential Studio for ASP.NET  Release Notes  

{% include release-info.html date="May 12, 2021"  version="v19.1.0.63" %} 







## DocIO

### Features
{:#DocIO-features}

* \#318805 - Added support to set locale identifier for bidirectional languages in Word document.

### Bug Fixes
{:#DocIO-bug-fixes}

* \#317337 - The Header image is now preserved properly while converting a Word document to PDF.
* \#318489 - Table is now preserved properly while converting a Word document to PDF.
* \#318882, \#319716 - Mail merge is now executed properly in a Word document.
* \#318634 - Footer is preserved properly while merging the RTF format documents.
* \#318345 - Text in content control is now preserved properly while calling `UpdateDocumentFields()` method.
* \#317490 - Grid span is now parsed properly while opening a DOCX format document.
* \#319208, \#321962, \#323896 - The `NullReferenceException` will no longer be thrown while a opening the DOCX format document.
* \#321276 - The text formatting switch is now preserved properly for formula field.
* \#321276 - The text Format for IF field is now updated properly in the Word document.
* \#320883 - Merge field inside formula field is now updated properly in the Word document.
* \#321276 - Formula field inside SET field is now updated properly in the Word document.
* \#320188 - After Width of a row is now parsed properly while opening the DOCX format document.
* \#321098 - `InvalidOperationException` will no longer be thrown while saving the DOCX format document.
* \#321579 - Comment is now preserved properly while resaving the DOCX format document.
* \#323670 - Font name is now parsed properly while opening the HTML format document.
* \#322767 - DocVariable field is now updated properly while calling `UpdateDocumentFields()` method.
* \#325573 - Formula field is now updated properly while calling `UpdateDocumentFields()` method.
* \#325658 - Word document is now open properly in Microsoft Office 2007 application.
* \#322766 - Preferred cell width is now parsed properly while opening the RTF format document.
* \#325258 - `ArgumentOutOfRangeException` will no longer be thrown while converting the Word document to PDF.
* \#324732 - Arabic text is now preserved properly while converting a Word document to PDF.
* \#318245 - The **ArgumentOutOfRangeException** will no longer be thrown while converting a Word document to PDF.
* \#323148 - Cell border is now preserved properly while converting a Word document to PDF.
* \#321119, \#321126 - Emoji is now preserved properly while converting a Word document to PDF.
* \#323695, \#323697 - Extra table preservation issue has been resolved while converting a Word document to PDF.
* \#322630 - Floating table is now preserved properly while converting a Word document to PDF
* \#316394, \#320184 - Image is now preserved properly while converting a Word document to PDF.
* \#319607 - The **NullReferenceException** will no longer be thrown while converting a Word document to Image.
* \#325849 - Page bottom border is now preserved properly while converting a Word document to PDF when surround footer option is disabled.
* \#317423 - Paragraph before spacing is now preserved properly while converting a Word document to PDF.
* \#322780, * \#324282 - Paragraph spacing issue is now resolved while converting a Word document to PDF.
* \#319085 - Shape is now aligned properly while converting a Word document to PDF.
* \#317704 - Custom line shape is now preserved while converting a Word document to PDF.
* \#324707 - Symbol is now preserved properly while converting a Word document to PDF.
* \#319081 - Table border is now preserved properly converting a Word document to PDF.
* \#318004 - Table position is now preserved properly while converting a Word document to PDF.
* \#324779 - Table is now preserved properly while converting a Doc format document to PDF.
* \#324490 - Text in rotated shape is now preserved properly while converting a Word document to PDF.
* \#322780, \#324285 - Text is now aligned properly while converting a Word document to PDF.
* \#322780 - Text is now preserved properly while converting a Word document to PDF
* \#320184 - Image overlapping issue while converting a Word document to PDF.
* \#308099 - Paragraph border is now preserved properly while converting Word document to PDF.
* \#F164005 - TOC navigation is now working properly while converting a Word document to PDF.
* \#323148 - Vertically merged table cell text is now preserved properly while converting a Word document to PDF.
## Gantt

### Bug fixes
{:#gantt-bug-fixes}

* \#319466- Issue when changing datasource has been fixed. 

## PDF

### Bug Fixes
{:#PDF-bug-fixes}

* \#311180, \#317448 –PDF tags will be added properly with parent tags in a PDF document.
* \#314496 - Remainder text will be updated properly while layout the string with multiline. 
* \#312509 - `PdfLoadedFreeTextAnnotation` returns proper bounds from the particular PDF document. 
* \#316714, \#317396 - Contents will be preserved properly while converting HTML to PDF. 
* \#317545 - Bookmarks will be displayed properly in Adobe document cloud web viewer.
* \#315262 - Ink annotation will be preserved properly while flatten with particular PDF document. 
* \#316316 - Exception will no longer occurs while loading large PDF documents. 
* \#318660 - Extra new line character will not be added in text box field. 
* \#319212 - Font rendering issue will no longer occurs while converting PDF to PDF A1B conformance.
* \#318010 - Characters will be preserved properly while creating appearance for form fields.
* \#319553 - PDF compression will optimize the file size properly with particular document. 
* \#317565 - The PDF file size is now optimized while creating font from file path. 
* \#319681, \#324029 - Contents will be preserved properly while converting EMF to PDF. 
* \#319401 - Document will be preserved properly while loading and saving the particular PDF document.
* \#320756 - Exception will no longer occurs while converting PDF to PDF A2B. 
* \#319073 - Font preservation issue will no longer occurs with `PdfHtmlTextElement`. 
* \#321713 - Annotations will be preserved properly while import and flatten.
* \#321475 - Exception will no longer occurs while filling the form fields.
* \#322161 - `PdfGrid` will be paginated properly with `PdfTextElement`. 
* \#316394 - Images will be preserved properly while converting Word to PDF conversion. 
* \#322536 - Bookmarks will be retrieved properly while getting from existing PDF document. 
* \#322533 - Content will be redacted properly with particular PDF document.
* \#322529 - Extra PDF pages will not be added with `EndPageLayout` event.
* \#322273 - Form field will be preserved properly while changing the forecolor.
* \#322709, \#F159404, \#318565	- `ZUGFeRD` conformance will not be affected while adding attachments. 
* \#322933 - `PdfGrid` will be preserved properly with pagination bounds. 
* \#323087, \#323578 - Bounds will be return properly in `EndPageLayout` event. 
* \#323900 - Tags structure will be preserved properly with `PdfGrid`.
* \#320547 - Exception will no longer occurs while exporting `PdfGrid`. 
* \#324050, \#324047, \#324011, \#324029 - Rendering issues will no longer occurs while converting EMF to PDF. 
* \#323642 - Exception will no longer occurs while loading PDF document. 
* \#324782 - Images will be preserved properly while converting Word to PDF.
* \#324594 - `Pdf417Barcode` will be rendered properly with float `XDimension` value. 
* \#324789 - `XPathException` will no longer occurs while loading XFA document.
* \#324973 - Javascript actions will be removed properly from existing PDF document. 
* \#324966 - `PdfCode39ExtendedBarcode` will be preserved properly while drawing to PDF page multiple times.  
* \#F164131 - Euro characters will be preserved properly while filling form field. 
* \#F164353 - check box fields will be imported properly in a PDF document.
* \#322808 - Text will be preserved properly while converting PDF to PDF A1B. 
## PivotClient

### Bug Fixes
{:#pivotclient-bug-fixes}

* \#F164620 - The exception that occurred when exporting with conditional formatting has been resolved.
## Presentation

### Bug Fixes
{:#Presentation-bug-fixes}

* \#317830 - The PowerPoint presentation will no longer be corrupted while removing the unused layout slide.
* \#323915 – Replaced image is now updated properly while saving the PowerPoint document.

## XlsIO

### Bug Fixes
{:#xlsio-bug-fixes}

* \#I317738 - Button position is now proper while resaving the Excel document.
* \#I313290 - Fixed Argument Exception while converting Excel to HTML.
* \#I317793 - Fixed issue of pivot table fonts getting changed while resaving the Excel file.
* \#I318471 - Font is correct in RTF text while parsing bullet formatting.
* \#I319080 - Correctly handled the Pivot cache area reference.
* \#I318774 - Two different types of conditional format icon sets are now applied correctly.
* \#I320381 - Excel file with the black-and-white option enabled in page settings is now converted properly to PDF.
* \#I319833 - OutOfMemoryException thrown while converting Excel to PDF is now resolved.
* \#I317378 - Cell border position is now correct for RTL direction in Excel to PDF conversion.
* \#I318795 - Hebrew text is now rendered properly in Excel to PDF conversion.
* \#I318796 - Shape text for RTL direction is now proper in Excel to PDF conversion.
* \#I320700 - List data validation works properly when changing the culture to "pt-PT".
* \#I315937 - Data is now rendered properly in Excel to PDF conversion when using table formulas.
* \#I320153 - Pivot table auto-sort based on a data field is now correct.
* \#I318796 - Shape position is now proper for RTL direction in Excel to PDF conversion.
* \#I321087 - Table style color is now handled properly in Excel to PDF conversion.
* \#I323053 - List Data validation is now proper when resaving the Excel file in different cultures.
* \#I321505 - Argument separator is now correct for table formula in Spain culture.
* \#I315863 - Can't Parse Formula exception thrown while saving the workbook after CopyTo is now resolved.
* \#I315863 - Fixed NullReferenceException while copying the workbook with unknown names.
* \#I315348 - Trendlines are now removed properly when they are deleted using the Legend Entries.
* \#I324692 - Font color is now applied correctly for RTF text.
* \#I314857 - Cell values with custom number format and word-wrap applied being replaced with # in Excel to PDF conversion is now resolved.
* \#I315699 - Format exception thrown while applying the number format with culture code is now resolved.
* Fixed ObjectReferenceException while opening the Excel document.
* Pivot border is now handled correctly in Pivot Layout.
* Scatter chart with color to data point is now rendered correctly in Excel to PDF conversion.
* IndexOutOfRangeException thrown while converting chart series in PPTX to PDF is now resolved.
* Worksheet protected with empty password is now handled correctly.

