---
title: Essential Studio for ASP.NET Weekly Nuget Release Release Notes  
description: Essential Studio for ASP.NET Weekly Nuget Release Release Notes  
platform: aspnet
documentation: ug
---

# Essential Studio for ASP.NET  Release Notes  

{% include release-info.html date="April 06, 2021"  version="v19.1.0.55" %} 






## DocIO

No Changes for this product in this version.

[//]: # "Delete the contents of this file while new content is added."

## PDF

### Bug Fixes
{:#PDF-bug-fixes}


* \#F161217 - `StackOverflowException` will no longer occurs while finding the corrupted PDF document.
* \#318660 - Extra newline characters are now added properly in the existing text field in a PDF document.
* \#318010 - Characters are now rendered properly after creating appearance for form fields.
* \#319553 - PDF Compression is optimized the large file size on particular PDF document.
* \#316316 - An exception will no longer be thrown when loading a large PDF document.





## Presentation

No Changes for this product in this version.

[//]: # "Delete the contents of this file while new content is added."

## XlsIO

### Bug Fixes
{:#xlsio-bug-fixes}

* \#I317738 - Button position is now proper while resaving the Excel document.
* \#I313290 - Fixed Argument Exception while converting Excel to HTML.
* \#I317793 - Fixed issue of pivot table fonts getting changed while resaving the Excel file.
* Fixed ObjectReferenceException while opening the Excel document.
* Pivot border is now handled correctly in Pivot Layout.
* Scatter chart with color to data point is now rendered correctly in Excel to PDF conversion.
