---
title: Essential Studio for ASP.NET 2021 volume 3 Main Release Notes  
description: Essential Studio for ASP.NET 2021 volume 3 Main Release Notes  
platform: aspnet
documentation: ug
---

# Essential Studio for ASP.NET  Release Notes  

{% include release-info.html date="September 30, 2021"  version="v19.3.0.43" %} 






## DocIO

### Features
{:#DocIO-features}

* \#I186983, \#I333774, \#I335509, \#I338257 - Provided a support to preserve comments in Word to PDF conversion.

### Bug Fixes
{:#DocIO-bug-fixes}

* \#I336964 - The **OutOfMemoryException** will no longer be thrown while cloning a Word document.
* \#I339817 - DocProperty Field is now updated properly while calling `UpdateDocumentFields()` method.
* \#I337901 - IF field is now updated properly while calling `UpdateDocumentFields()` method.
* \#I340459 - HTML tags are now preserved properly while converting a Word document to HTML.
* \#I340918 - Table border is now preserved properly while converting a Word document to PDF.
* \#I335509 - RTL table is now preserved properly while converting a Word document to PDF.
* \#I340452 - Text is now preserved properly while converting a Word document to PDF.
* \#I338617, \#I338693, \#I337927 - Hanging issue has been resolved while converting a Word document to PDF.
* \#I339721 - The **NullReferenceException** will no longer be thrown while converting a Word document to PDF.
* \#I339840 - The **IndexOutOfRangeException** will no longer be thrown while converting a Word document to PDF.
* \#I339591 - The **ArgumentException** will no longer be thrown while converting a DOC format document to PDF.
* \#I337145 - Shape content is now preserved properly while converting a Word document to PDF.
* \#I337139 - List number is now preserved properly while converting a Word document to PDF.
* \#I339224, \#I337142 - Image is now preserved properly while converting a Word document to PDF.
* \#I338971 - The **NullReferenceException** will no longer be thrown while a converting Word document to PDF.
* \#I338277 - RTL text is now preserved properly while converting a Word document to PDF.
* \#I337903 - Text color is now preserved properly while converting a Word document to PDF.
* \#I337902 - Tab position is now updated properly while converting a Word document to PDF.
* \#I337734 - Complex script font is now preserved properly while converting a Word document to PDF.
* \#I337148 - Textbox is now preserved properly while converting a Word document to PDF.
* \#I337146 - Text is now preserved properly while converting a Word document to PDF.
* \#I304673, \#I340821, \#I339630, \#I339435, \#I337277, \#I338429 - Table is now preserved properly while converting a Word document to PDF.
* \#I340121, \#I341086 - Line shape is now preserved properly while converting a Word document to Image.
* \#FB27930 - Document will no longer be corrupted while resaving a DOCX format document.
* \#FB27676 - The **ArgumentNullException** will no longer be thrown while opening a DOCX format document.
* \#FB27639 - List number is now preserved properly while converting a DOCX format document to HTML.
* \#FB27307 - Image is now preserved properly while resaving a DOCX format document.
* \#FB27108 - The **EndOfStreamException** will no longer be thrown while opening a DOC format document.
* \#I327306, \#I334309, \#I336202, \#I336652 - Table is now preserved properly while converting the DOCX format document to PDF.
* \#I331426 - Text form field is now preserved properly while replacing the text of text form field.
* \#I330485 - Ole object is now preserved properly while saving the DOCX format document.
* \#I327263 - Hanging issue has been resolved while calling `RejectChanges()` method.
* \#I333912, \#I334480, \#FB26557 - IF field is now updated properly while calling `UpdateDocumentFields()` method.
* \#I333832 - Comment is now parsed properly while opening the RTF format document.
* \#I334216 - Paragraph is now preserved properly while converting the DOCX format document to PDF.
* \#I334851 - Comment is now parsed properly while opening the DOC format document.
* \#I335253 - The **ArgumentNullException** will no longer be thrown while opening the DOCX format document.
* \#I334753 - The **InvalidOperationException** will no longer be thrown while converting the DOCX format document to HTML.
* \#I335244 - Heading paragraph is now exported as bookmark properly while converting the RTF format document to PDF.
* \#I335094 - Hanging issue has been resolved while calling `AcceptChanges()` method.
* \#I336652 - Textbox is now preserved properly while converting the DOCX format document to PDF.
* \#I334644 - Bookmark content is now replaced properly while calling `ReplaceBookmarkContent()` method.
* \#I336519 - Image is now preserved properly while resaving the DOCX format document.
* \#FB26691 - List numbering is now preserved properly while merging the Word documents.
* \#FB26614 - Date field is now updated properly while calling `UpdateDocumentFields()` method.
* \#I325898 - Table border is now preserved properly while converting a Word document to PDF.
* \#I331492 - Shape is now preserved properly while converting a Word document to PDF.
* \#I331818 - Image positioning is now preserved properly while converting a Word document to PDF.
* \#I331611 - Exponent text is now preserved properly while converting a Word document to PDF.
* \#F165847 - WCAG standard will be maintained in Word to PDF conversion with PDF/A1A conformance.
* \#I332387 - The **ArgumentNullException** will no longer be thrown when converting a Word document to PDF.
* \#FB26471 - Page number is now updated properly while converting a Word document to PDF.
* \#I320911 - RTL number is now preserved properly while converting a Word document to PDF.
* \#I333811 - Text is now aligned properly while converting a Word document to PDF.
* \#I333912, \#I334483, \#I333550 - Text is now preserved properly while converting a Word document to PDF.
* \#I335265, \#I336652 - List number is now preserved properly while converting a Word document to PDF.
* \#I335256 - Heading paragraphs in table cell is now skipped to export as a bookmark while converting a Word document to PDF.
* \#I335510 - Table is now preserved properly while converting a Word document to PDF.
* \#FB26928 - RTL paragraph is now aligned properly while converting Word document to PDF.
* \#I331818, \#I335853, \#I332666 - Hanging issue has been resolved while converting a Word document to PDF.
* \#I336652 - Picture bullet is now preserved properly while converting a Word document to PDF.
* \#I336652 - Text size is now preserved properly while converting a Word document to PDF.
* \#I336652 - Shape is now positioned properly while converting a Word document to PDF.
* \#FB27360 - List character is now preserved properly while converting a Word document to PDF.
* \#I337255 - Text in table cell is now preserved properly while converting a Word document to PDF.
* \#I336652, \#I337144 - Tab is now preserved properly while converting Word document to PDF.
* \#I336652 - Underline is now preserved properly when converting a Word document to PDF.
## PDF

### Features
{:#PDF-Features}

* \#323190, \#323169, \#323166, \#334076, \#338447 - Now, import or export the form data properly from different PDF processing libraries and applications.
* \#239648, \#275725, \#324732, \#325276, \#329312 – Added the support to draw Arabic characters with advanced typography. 
* \#325958, \#326694 – Added the support to rotate the form fields in 0, 90, 180, and 270-degree angles.  
* \#312392, \#297717 – Added the support for the HTML text element without using the `RichTextBox.`
* \#269115 – Added the support to convert the Soft Mask to Mask with white background in PDF to PDF A1B conversion.  
* \#333613 – Added the support to track the progress of PDF to PDF/A conversion using the `PdfAConversionProgress` event.
* \#334340 - Added the support to get the size of `PdfQRBarcode.`

### Bug Fixes
{:#PDF-bug-fixes}

* \#334352, \#334174, \#334360, \#321178, \#326601 – The rendering issues are now resolved with `PdfGrid.`
* \#321533 – The `PdfLoadedCheckBoxField` value will be retrieved properly from the existing PDF form.
* \#340014 – The `PdfLoadedComboBoxField` value will be updated properly when flattening the form fields.
* \#339796, \#340893 – The `PdfDocumentException` will no longer occur while loading a PDF document. 
* \#337680 – PDF A conformance will be preserved properly while converting PDF to PDF A1B with different cultures. 
* \#338958 – The preservation issue will no longer occur while converting XPS to PDF documents. 
* \#335088 – Color will be retrieved properly from the `PdfLoadedFreeTextAnnotation.`
* \#341003 – Font will be updated properly in all the `PdfLoadedTextBoxField` with the same name.
* \#340147 – `NullReferenceException` will no longer occur while getting the `UsedFonts` from a PDF document.  
* \#339221 – `StackOverflowException` will no longer occurs while converting particular EMF to PDF document. 
* \#338845, \#339634 – `DocumentInformation` will be updated properly while adding values to metadata. 
* \#337341 – The preservation issue will no longer occur while converting tiff image to PDF document.
* \#336296 – Optimized the performance of EMF to PDF conversion. 
* \#334076 – The `PdfForm` data will be exported properly in the XML and XFDF formats.
* \#339945 – Exception will no longer occur while loading the PDF document with the invalid page nodes. 
* \#341053 – Exception will no longer occur while redacting the content from a PDF document.  
* \#341043 – Content will be redacted properly with a PDF document.
* \#340842 – `ObjectDisposedException` will no longer occur while loading the PDF document with an incorrect password.  
* \#340709, \#339257 – `PdfException` will no longer occur while loading a PDF document in the open and repair mode. 
* \#339929 – `PdfException` will no longer occur while saving a document in the open and repair mode.  
* \#338459 – Image will be preserved properly while converting Word to PDF document.
* \#337756 – The baseline alignment issues will no longer occur while converting Word to PDF.  
* \#339709 - Certificate information will be retrieved properly for the existing broken signatures.
* \#340065 - `PdfGrid` is now preserved properly when a single instance is drawn in multiple locations.  
* \#332856 - Line Annotation border will be preserved properly while increasing the border width.
* \#337083 - PDF page `CropBox` values will be retrieved properly.
* \#336773 - Form fields value will be shown properly while merging PDF documents.
* \#336179 - `NullReferenceException` will no longer occur while saving the PDF documents.
* \#335990 - `ArgumentException` will no longer occurs while getting font from the `PdfLoadedFreeTextAnnotation`.
* \#334841 - Exception will no longer occur while flattening the merged PDF document.
* \#330836 - GDI+ exception will no longer occur while applying the redaction to the PDF document.
* \#337268 - Font will be preserved properly on text box fields.
* \#334841 - PDF page rotation angle will be returned properly.
* \#336170 - Text box value will be retrieved properly.
* \#323894, \#336173 - `HatchBrush` and Pattern clip will be preserved properly while converting EMF to PDF.
* \#335703 - PDF file no longer corrupted while compressing.
* \#335455 - The preservation issue will no longer occur while converting PDF to PDF/A-2B.
* \#334968 - Replace image will not be increased on the PDF file size.
* \#334669 - Contents inside the grid will be word-wrapped properly.
* \#333884, 333858 - Preservation issue will no longer occur while converting EMF to PDF.
* \#166356 - The certificate status will be returned properly from the existing signature field.
* \#332200 - Form field values will be preserved properly.
* \#331722 - Annotations will be added properly while importing pages from another PDF document.
* \#331305 - Additional section tags will not be added while creating tagged PDF documents.
* \#331188 - Exception will no longer occur while adding a barcode to the X1A conformance PDF document.
* \#330626 - Conformance validation will be succeeded properly while converting PDF document to PDF/A.
* \#326750 -  Tags will be reading properly on their order while creating a PDF grid.
* \#323961, \#335383 - The preservation issue will no longer occur while converting EMF to PDF.
* \#334405 - Annotations multiline comments will be exported properly.
* \#325515 - Annotations will be located properly if the PDF document contains crop box entries.
* \#331429 - Overlapping issue will no longer occur while drawing a PDF grid with row/column-span.
* \#332041 - Exception will be no longer occurs while signing PDF on web platforms.
* \#336493 - NullReferenceException will no longer occur while converting PDF to PDF/A.
* \#334340 - QR barcode size will be retrieved properly before drawn it to the PDF document.
* \#F168454 – The `PdfLoadedTextBoxField` name will be retrieved properly from the existing PDF form.  
* \#F168500 – Exception will no longer occur while updating the text in `PdfLoadedTextBoxField.`
* \#F167592 - PDF bookmarks will be retrieved properly while it contains special characters.
* `ArgumentOutOfRangeException` will no longer occur while filling the particular form field 
* Japanese characters will be retrieved properly from the PDF document information.

## Presentation

### Bug Fixes
{:#Presentation-bug-fixes}

* \#I331919 - The **IndexOutOfRangeException** will no longer be thrown while opening the PowerPoint presentation with empty VML shape.
* \#I336115 - The **NullReferenceException** will no longer be thrown while cloning the PowerPoint presentation with table.
* \#F167364 - Created Notes slide is now preserved properly while opening in Mac Keynote application.
* \#I331339 - The **NullReferenceException** will no longer be thrown while converting a PowerPoint presentation to PDF.
* \#I333088 - Placeholder margin is now applied properly while converting a PowerPoint presentation to PDF.
* \#I336013 - Paragraph font properties are now applied properly while converting a PowerPoint presentation to Image.
* \#I338014 - Clone and merge within same PowerPoint presentation is now working properly.
* \#I339978 - End paragraph properties are now applied properly in newly added text.
* \#I340325 - Multiple excel files are now added properly as OLE Object within same PowerPoint presentation.
* \#I340997 - Hyperlink color is now applied properly while converting a PowerPoint presentation to PDF.
## Visual Studio Extensions

### Features
{:#visual-studio-extension-features}

- Support for Visual Studio 2022 preview has been added to the project template, conversion, and migration in ASP.NET Web Forms.
## XlsIO

### Bug Fixes
{:#xlsio-bug-fixes}

* \#I330055 - Formula with negative values are now handled properly.
* \#I323615 - Series names in pivot chart are now properly rendered in chart to image conversion.
* \#I332009 - ArgumentNullException thrown while converting chart with missing data label to image is now resolved.
* \#I332467 - Binary records parsing is now correct while opening an XLSB document.
* \#I331857 - Split texts are now handled properly in Excel to PDF conversion.
* \#I333060 - File corruption while creating pivot table containing row fields with mixed values is now resolved.
* \#I333270 - Pivot table values field position is now preserved properly while resaving the Excel document.
* \#I332751 - Pivot cache fields with empty values are now handled properly while resaving the Excel document.
* \#I332362 - Null reference exception thrown in chart to image conversion is now resolved.
* \#FB26790 - Option button check state is now updated properly for different linked cell.
* \#FB26791 - XmlException thrown while setting value in option button linked cell is now resolved.
* \#I334495, \#I335887 - Chart data labels with manual layout are now preserved properly.
* \#I334666 - Chart label values are now proper for the double format in Excel To PDF conversion for NET50.
* \#F167079 - Chart title area is now preserved properly when the title is set as empty.
* \#I329608 - Cell styles for merged regions are now copied properly while using Template Markers.
* \#I336161 - Exception thrown while opening an Excel document with single quotes on external named range is now resolved.
* \#I323739, \#I339258 - Argument exception thrown while converting Excel document to PDF is now resolved.
* \#336706 - Exception thrown while converting Excel document with PrintNoComments option enabled in PageSetup to PDF is now resolved.
* \#FB27546 - Tab character included in table column header value is now returned properly.
* \#I336277 - Time value being shown as date in pivot table in .NET Core is now resolved.
* \#I337534 - Sheet index for external workbook reference is now updated properly.
* \#F167885 - Link to content option in custom document properties is now working properly.
* \#F167836 - Cell text width in Excel to PDF conversion under .NET Core is now rendered properly.
* \#I324883 - Exception thrown while converting cylinder clustered chart to image is now resolved.
* \#I339633 - ArgumentOutOfRange exception thrown while converting Excel file having formula type conditional format with named range, to PDF, is now resolved.
* \#I336804, I337264 - Bottom border of last cell creating using BorderAround method is now rendered properly in Excel to PDF conversion.
* \#I340041 - Performance issue while opening an Excel document with auto filters is now resolved.
* Pivot table with indent level is now properly converted to Image.
* Shape text color is now rendered properly when the black and white PageSetup setting is enabled.
* Text box with picture and texture fill is now proper while resaving the Excel document.
* Text box with picture and texture fill is now proper in Excel to PDF conversion.
* Hyperlink default color is now correct while creating the hyperlink. 
* Shape borders are now proper while resaving the Excel document.
* Pivot table data field base field number format is now proper.
* Shape text color with black and white page setup settings is now rendered properly in Excel to PDF conversion.
* Shapes RTF text with underline is now rendered properly in Excel to PDF conversion.
* NullReference exception thrown while converting Excel to PDF is now resolved.
* Bangladesh and Khmer accounting number formats are now rendered properly in Excel to PDF conversion.
* Checkbox with dotted-round border style is now preserved properly while creating the Excel document.
* RichText is now applied properly in shape text while dong AddCopy of Excel worksheet.
* Font name and size of comment shape text are proper while creating the Excel document.
* Between and not between operators in conditional formatting are now applied properly for blank cells with boolean value in Excel to PDF conversion.
* Excel document with conditional format and black and white page setup settings are now rendered properly in Excel to PDF conversion.
* The number format of the text box text is preserved properly while converting Excel to PDF.
* Data bar with RTL direction is now proper while converting Excel document to PDF.
* EndsWith operator in conditional format is now applied properly for blank cells with formula, in Excel to PDF conversion.
* Performance issue while converting Excel document with Data bar conditional format having large data range to PDF is now resolved.
* Name property of Shape now returns proper AutoShape name instead of null.
* AutoShape texture or picture fill are now preserved properly while creating Excel document.
* Strikeout in header and footer is now rendered properly in Excel to PDF conversion.
* Superscript of comments are now rendered properly in Excel to PDF conversion.
* Specific text conditional format with formula is now proper when accessing and converting to PDF.
* Specific text conditional format with formula is now proper while creating and resaving the Excel document.
* Data bar with negative border color is now proper while resaving the Excel document and converting to PDF.
* Data bar conditional format is now proper while creating more than one data bar conditional format in Excel document.
* Color scale conditional format when cells have multiple color scale conditional formats, is now rendered properly in Excel to PDF conversion.
* Whole table style with horizontal and vertical borders, is now rendered properly in Excel to PDF conversion.
* Table border color in now rendered properly in Excel to PDF conversion even if print title rows option is enabled.
* Default settings of data bar conditional format is now properly preserved while creating Excel document.
* Number format of total row count calculated value in Excel table is now proper.
* NullReference exception thrown while converting Excel file with Armenian accounting number format to PDF is resolved.
* Conditional format is now applied properly even while creating multiple conditional formats for Excel range.
* Issue with table text font color when a cell has number format with color in Excel to PDF conversion is now resolved.
