---
title: Essential Studio for ASP.NET Weekly Nuget Release Release Notes  
description: Essential Studio for ASP.NET Weekly Nuget Release Release Notes  
platform: aspnet
documentation: ug
---

# Essential Studio for ASP.NET  Release Notes  

{% include release-info.html date="July 13, 2021"  version="v19.2.0.47" %} 



 %}



## DocIO

No Changes for this product in this version.

[//]: # "Delete the contents of this file while new content is added."

## pdf

No Changes for this product in this version.

[//]: # "Delete the contents of this file while new content is added."

## Presentation

No Changes for this product in this version.

[//]: # "Delete the contents of this file while new content is added."

## XlsIO

### Bug Fixes
{:#xlsio-bug-fixes}

* \#I332467 - Binary records parsing is now correct while opening an xlsb document.
* \#I331857 - Split texts are now handled properly in Excel to PDF conversion.
* \#I333060 - File corruption while creating pivot table containing row fields with mixed values is now resolved.
* \#I333270 - Pivot table values field position is now preserved properly while resaving the Excel document.
* \#I332751 - Pivot cache fields with empty values are now handled properly while resaving the Excel document.
* \#I332362 - Null reference exception thrown in Chart to Image conversion is now resolved.
* Text box with picture and texture fill is now proper while resaving the Excel document.
* Text box with picture and texture fill is now proper in Excel to PDF conversion.
* Hyperlink default color is now correct while creating the hyperlink. 
* Shape borders are now proper while resaving the Excel document.
* Pivot table data field base field number format is now proper.
* Shape text color with black and white page setup settings is now rendered properly in Excel to PDF conversion.
