---
title: Essential Studio for ASP.NET 2021 volume 2 Main Release Notes  
description: Essential Studio for ASP.NET 2021 volume 2 Main Release Notes  
platform: aspnet
documentation: ug
---

# Essential Studio for ASP.NET  Release Notes  

{% include release-info.html date="June 29, 2021"  version="v19.2.0.44" %} 






## Common

### Breaking Changes
{:#common-breaking-changes}

* The Syncfusion `ReportViewer`, `ReportWriter`, and `ReportDesigner` component assemblies, scripts, and samples are no longer shipped with the Essential Studio setup in the `v19.2.0.44` release. It is available as part of the <a href="https://help.boldreports.com/embedded-reporting/aspnet-web-forms-reporting/">Bold Reports</a> product and is not included in the Essential Studio.

## DocIO

### Features
{:#DocIO-features}

* \#I318805 - Added support to set locale identifier for bidirectional languages in Word document.
* \#I319018 - Provided an API to access parent comment in the Word document.
* Provided a support to preserve the Underline (Words, DashHeavy, DashLong, DashLongHeavy, DotDashHeavy) styles while converting a Word document to PDF/Image.

### Bug Fixes
{:#DocIO-bug-fixes}

* \#I325966, \#I325957 - Text is now preserved properly while converting a Word document to PDF.
* \#I325867, \#I324520, \#I326706 - The **NullReferenceException** will no longer be thrown while opening a DOC format document.
* \#I327499, \#I329126 - Formula field is now updated properly while calling `UpdateDocumentFields()` method.
* \#I322766 - Table cell width is now parsed properly while opening a RTF format document.
* \#I327547, \#I329193 - The **ArgumentOutOfRangeException** will no longer be thrown while executing mail merge in the Word document.
* \#I327306 - Nested table is now preserved properly while converting a Word document to PDF.
* \#I327715 - Mail merge is now executed properly in a Word document.
* \#I327638 - Text is now preserved properly while converting a RTF format document to DOCX.
* \#I329491 - Bookmark content is now deleted properly while calling `DeleteBookmarkContent()` method.
* \#I329195 - Shape border is now preserve properly while converting a DOCX format to PDF.
* \#I331676 - The **NullReferenceException** will no longer be thrown while closing a Word document.
* \#FB25492 - TC field is now preserved properly in Table of Contents while calling `UpdateTableOfContents()` method.
* \#FB25336 - Page number format is now preserved properly in Table of Contents while calling `UpdateTableOfContents()` method.
* \#FB24958 - The **NullReferenceException** will no longer be thrown while opening a Word document.
* \#I318882, \#I319716 - Mail merge is now executed properly in a Word document.
* \#I318634 - Footer is preserved properly while merging the RTF format documents.
* \#I318345 - Text in content control is now preserved properly while calling `UpdateDocumentFields()` method.
* \#I317490 - Grid span is now parsed properly while opening a DOCX format document.
* \#I319208, \#I321962, \#I323896 - The **NullReferenceException** will no longer be thrown while a opening the DOCX format document.
* \#I321276 - The text formatting switch is now preserved properly for formula field.
* \#I321276 - The text Format for IF field is now updated properly in the Word document.
* \#I320883 - Merge field inside formula field is now updated properly in the Word document.
* \#I321276 - Formula field inside SET field is now updated properly in the Word document.
* \#I320188 - After Width of a row is now parsed properly while opening the DOCX format document.
* \#I321098 - **InvalidOperationException** will no longer be thrown while saving the DOCX format document.
* \#I321579 - Comment is now preserved properly while resaving the DOCX format document.
* \#I323670 - Font name is now parsed properly while opening the HTML format document.
* \#I322767 - DocVariable field is now updated properly while calling `UpdateDocumentFields()` method.
* \#I325573 - Formula field is now updated properly while calling `UpdateDocumentFields()` method.
* \#I325658 - Word document is now open properly in Microsoft Office 2007 application.
* \#I322766 - Preferred cell width is now parsed properly while opening the RTF format document.
* \#I324732 - Arabic text is now preserved properly while converting a Word document to PDF.
* \#I318245 - The **ArgumentOutOfRangeException** will no longer be thrown while converting a Word document to PDF.
* \#I323148 - Cell border is now preserved properly while converting a Word document to PDF.
* \#I321119, \#I321126 - Emoji is now preserved properly while converting a Word document to PDF.
* \#I323695, \#I323697 - Extra table preservation issue has been resolved while converting a Word document to PDF.
* \#I322630 - Floating table is now preserved properly while converting a Word document to PDF
* \#I316394, \#I320184 - Image is now preserved properly while converting a Word document to PDF.
* \#I319607 - The **NullReferenceException** will no longer be thrown while converting a Word document to Image.
* \#I325849 - Page bottom border is now preserved properly while converting a Word document to PDF when surround footer option is disabled.
* \#I317423 - Paragraph before spacing is now preserved properly while converting a Word document to PDF.
* \#I322780, \#I324282 - Paragraph spacing issue is now resolved while converting a Word document to PDF.
* \#I319085 - Shape is now aligned properly while converting a Word document to PDF.
* \#I317704 - Custom line shape is now preserved while converting a Word document to PDF.
* \#I324707 - Symbol is now preserved properly while converting a Word document to PDF.
* \#I319081 - Table border is now preserved properly converting a Word document to PDF.
* \#I318004 - Table position is now preserved properly while converting a Word document to PDF.
* \#I324779 - Table is now preserved properly while converting a Doc format document to PDF.
* \#I324490 - Text in rotated shape is now preserved properly while converting a Word document to PDF.
* \#I322780, \#I324285 - Text is now aligned properly while converting a Word document to PDF.
* \#I322780 - Text is now preserved properly while converting a Word document to PDF
* \#I320184 - Image overlapping issue while converting a Word document to PDF.
* \#I308099 - Paragraph border is now preserved properly while converting Word document to PDF.
* \#F164005 - TOC navigation is now working properly while converting a Word document to PDF.
* \#I323148 - Vertically merged table cell text is now preserved properly while converting a Word document to PDF.
* \#I324672, \#I329332 - Shape is now positioned properly while converting a Word document to PDF.
* \#I326436 - Table overlapping issue has been resolved while converting a Word document to PDF.
* \#I326929 - Bullet list is now preserved properly while converting a Word document to PDF.
* \#I327443 - Table cell text is now aligned properly while converting a Word document to PDF.
* \#I328739 - Unicode text is now preserved properly while converting a Word document to PDF.
* \#I327806 - Hanging issue has been resolved while converting a Word document to PDF.
* \#I329334 - Extra space preservation issue has been resolved while converting a Word document to PDF.
* \#I329997 - Custom heading paragraphs are now exported as bookmarks while converting a Word document to PDF.
* \#I329771 - List heading style paragraph is now preserved properly in the exported bookmarks while converting a Word document to PDF.
* \#FB25086 - Paragraph is now aligned properly while converting a Word document to PDF.
* The **ObjectDisposedException** will no longer be thrown while converting a Word document to PDF.
* Symbol is now preserved properly in the shapes while converting a Word document to PDF.
* TC fields are now updated properly while updating Table of contents.
## PDF

### Features
{:#PDF-Features}

* \#325146 – Added support to remove images from existing PDF document. 
* \#301474 – Added support to tract the redaction progress using `RedactionProgress` event. 
* \#301474 – Added support to get the `PdfRedactionResult` from redact operation. 
* \#321746 – Added support for `AutoResizeText` in `PdfTextBoxField`. 
* \#317785 – Added support for scope attributes in tagged PDF. 
* \#320718 – Added support to embed font option in `PdfTrueTypeFont` in .NET core.
* \#321533 – Added support to export the check box field using export value. 
* Added support to redact the path/shapes from existing PDF document. 

### Breaking Changes
{:#PDF-breaking-changes}

* \#323576 – `BorderWidth` API type changed   for form fields from int to float.
* \#307759 – Exposed the property to get the unsupported images instead of using overload method in OCR processor.    

### Bug Fixes
{:#PDF-bug-fixes}

* \#329164, \#331682 – Content will be preserved properly while converting Word to PDF conversion. 
* \#326563, \#327602 – `Header Checksum Illegal` exception will no longer be occur while saving a PDF document.
* \#329519 – PDF document will be preserved properly after manipulating the PDF forms. 
* \#330183 – `PdfTag` will be added properly with `PdfArtifact` for shapes. 
* \#329907 – PDF file size will be optimized while import pages from existing PDF document. 
* \#328478 – Annotation collection will  work properly while import annotations. 
* \#329822 – Form fields will be preserved properly while flatten the form in existing PDF document. 
* \#329563 – Lines will be preserved properly during EMF to PDF conversion.
* \#328979 – Extra page will no longer be added after adding template to PDF document. 
* \#327397, \#329534 – `PdfGrid` column styles will be applied properly to the table cells. 
* \#328471 – Annotation will be cleared properly with clear API from Annotation collection. 
* \#327697 – Export XFDF with `PdfLineMeasurementAnnotation` will work properly. 
* \#327995 – Rendering issue will no longer occur while converting EMF to PDF. 
* \#327777 – Exception will no longer occur while compressing particular PDF document. 
* \#327093 – PDF A2B conformance will be preserved properly. 
* \#326671 – PDF A conformance will be preserved properly in form filling with XMP meta data. 
* \#326750 – `PdfTag` will be preserved properly while adding content in header graphics. 
* \#326806 – Documents will be preserved properly while merging with `OptimizeResources` option. 
* \#324920 – Annotation appearance will be preserved properly while flatten the Annotation from a PDF document. 
* \#324688 – Selected value will work properly in `PdfComboBoxField`. 
* \#325139 – Improved the stability of import form field in existing PDF document. 
* \#324758 – Remainder text result will be updated properly with `PdfStringLayouter` in the mentioned size. 
* \#314007 – `PdfRubberStampAnnotation` will be preserved properly with rotation. 
* \#329501 – `PdfGrid` will no longer overlap while using pagination bounds. 
* \#330064 – Arrows will be rendered properly in XPS to PDF conversion. 
* \#329850, \#F165845 – `PdfTag` will be preserved properly with nested tables. 
* \#329454 – `PdfGrid` cell bounds will be returned properly for columns with span in `BeginCellLayout` event. 
* \#329218 – `PdfTag` will be added properly for `Pdf417Barcode`. 
* \#329170 – Form fields will be preserved properly while merging PDF documents. 
* \#328237 – Text extraction issue will no longer occur after converting PDF to PDF A1B with the particular document. 
* \#327126 – `PdfGrid` will be paginated properly, and   will return the correct layout result.
* \#327485 – `PdfSignature` will be valid even after signing multiple times with different libraries. 
* \#321178 – `PdfGrid` border will be preserved properly with nested grids. 
* \#323248 – `PdfGrid` will be paginated properly with `PdfTextElement`.
* \#326334 – Conformance will be preserved properly while converting PDF to PDF A1B.
* \#326095 – Barcode will be preserved properly with text in a PDF document. 
* \#322979 – Signature field will be rendered properly while flatten the PDF document. 
* \#321178 – `PdfGrid` will be preserved properly with given location and bounds.
* \#F165145 – `NullReferenceException` will no longer occur while getting forms from existing PDF document. 
* \#F159404 – `ZUGFeRD` conformance will be preserved properly in .NET core.
* \#F165868 – `PdfGridRow` will be paginated to the next page automatically, if it is not fit on a page. 
* \#F164923 – `StackOverflowException` will no longer occur with `PdfDocumentAnalyzer`.  
* \#311180, \#317448 –PDF tags will be added properly with parent tags in a PDF document.
* \#314496 - Remainder text will be updated properly while layout the string with multiline. 
* \#312509 - `PdfLoadedFreeTextAnnotation` returns proper bounds from the particular PDF document. 
* \#316714, \#317396 - Contents will be preserved properly while converting HTML to PDF. 
* \#317545 - Bookmarks will be displayed properly in Adobe document cloud web viewer.
* \#315262 - Ink annotation will be preserved properly while flatten with particular PDF document. 
* \#316316 - Exception will no longer occurs while loading large PDF documents. 
* \#318660 - Extra new line character will not be added in text box field. 
* \#319212 - Font rendering issue will no longer occurs while converting PDF to PDF A1B conformance.
* \#318010 - Characters will be preserved properly while creating appearance for form fields.
* \#319553 - PDF compression will optimize the file size properly with particular document. 
* \#317565 - The PDF file size is now optimized while creating font from file path. 
* \#319681, \#324029 - Contents will be preserved properly while converting EMF to PDF. 
* \#319401 - Document will be preserved properly while loading and saving the particular PDF document.
* \#320756 - Exception will no longer occurs while converting PDF to PDF A2B. 
* \#319073 - Font preservation issue will no longer occurs with `PdfHtmlTextElement`. 
* \#321713 - Annotations will be preserved properly while import and flatten.
* \#321475 - Exception will no longer occurs while filling the form fields.
* \#322161 - `PdfGrid` will be paginated properly with `PdfTextElement`. 
* \#316394 - Images will be preserved properly while converting Word to PDF conversion. 
* \#322536 - Bookmarks will be retrieved properly while getting from existing PDF document. 
* \#322533 - Content will be redacted properly with particular PDF document.
* \#322529 - Extra PDF pages will not be added with `EndPageLayout` event.
* \#322273 - Form field will be preserved properly while changing the forecolor.
* \#322709, \#F159404, \#318565	- `ZUGFeRD` conformance will not be affected while adding attachments. 
* \#322933 - `PdfGrid` will be preserved properly with pagination bounds. 
* \#323087, \#323578 - Bounds will be return properly in `EndPageLayout` event. 
* \#323900 - Tags structure will be preserved properly with `PdfGrid`.
* \#320547 - Exception will no longer occurs while exporting `PdfGrid`. 
* \#324050, \#324047, \#324011, \#324029 - Rendering issues will no longer occurs while converting EMF to PDF. 
* \#323642 - Exception will no longer occurs while loading PDF document. 
* \#324782 - Images will be preserved properly while converting Word to PDF.
* \#324594 - `Pdf417Barcode` will be rendered properly with float `XDimension` value. 
* \#324789 - `XPathException` will no longer occurs while loading XFA document.
* \#324973 - Javascript actions will be removed properly from existing PDF document. 
* \#324966 - `PdfCode39ExtendedBarcode` will be preserved properly while drawing to PDF page multiple times.  
* \#F164131 - Euro characters will be preserved properly while filling form field. 
* \#F164353 - check box fields will be imported properly in a PDF document.
* \#322808 - Text will be preserved properly while converting PDF to PDF A1B. 
* Annotation name will be returned properly from existing annotation. 
* Radio button form field will be preserved properly with selected value.
* `PdfRubberStampAnnotation` will be preserved properly while adding in rotated PdfPage. 
* `BorderWidth` will be preserved properly while import annotations. 
* Text will be returned properly from `PdfLoadedTextBoxField`. 
* Image will be preserved properly while adding images to particular PDF document.


## Presentation

### Features
{:#Presentation-features}

* \#I208525, \#I312566 – Added multicolumn text rendering support in PowerPoint to Image and PDF conversions.

### Bug Fixes
{:#Presentation-bug-fixes}

* \#I317830 - The PowerPoint presentation will no longer be corrupted while removing the unused layout slide.
* \#I323915 – Replaced image is now updated properly while saving the PowerPoint document.
* \#I323915 - Picture is now replaced properly when PowerPoint document contains JFIF image.
* Improved the tab splitting behavior in PowerPoint to Image and PDF conversions.
## Visual Studio Extensions

### Features
{:#visual-studio-extension-features}

* Added the ReadMe file in the Syncfusion EJ1 Web Forms Project Template.
## XlsIO

### Breaking Changes
{:#xlsio-breaking-changes}

* \#I317951 - `InvertIfNegativeColor` property is added in `IChartSerie` interface to invert the color of data point of column and bar chart, if the data point value is negative.
* \#I316167 - `NumberFormat` property is added in `IPivotDataField` interface to get or set the number format of pivot data field.

### Bug Fixes
{:#xlsio-bug-fixes}

* \#I317738 - Button position is now proper while resaving the Excel document.
* \#I313290 - Fixed the argument exception thrown while converting Excel to HTML.
* \#I317793 - Fixed issue of pivot table fonts getting changed while resaving the Excel file.
* \#I318471 - Font is correct in RTF text while parsing bullet formatting.
* \#I319080 - Correctly handled the Pivot cache area reference.
* \#I318774 - Two different types of conditional format icon sets are now applied correctly.
* \#I320381 - Excel file with the black-and-white option enabled in page settings is now converted properly to PDF.
* \#I319833 - OutOfMemoryException thrown while converting Excel to PDF is now resolved.
* \#I317378 - Cell border position is now correct for RTL direction in Excel to PDF conversion.
* \#I318795 - Hebrew text is now rendered properly in Excel to PDF conversion.
* \#I318796 - Shape text for RTL direction is now proper in Excel to PDF conversion.
* \#I320700 - List data validation works properly when changing the culture to "pt-PT".
* \#I315937 - Data is now rendered properly in Excel to PDF conversion when using table formulas.
* \#I320153 - Pivot table auto-sort based on a data field is now correct.
* \#I318796 - Shape position is now proper for RTL direction in Excel to PDF conversion.
* \#I321087 - Table style color is now handled properly in Excel to PDF conversion.
* \#I323053 - List Data validation is now proper when resaving the Excel file in different cultures.
* \#I321505 - Argument separator is now correct for table formula in Spain culture.
* \#I315863 - Can't Parse Formula exception thrown while saving the workbook after CopyTo is now resolved.
* \#I315863 - Fixed NullReferenceException while copying the workbook with unknown names.
* \#I315348 - Trendlines are now removed properly when they are deleted using the Legend Entries.
* \#I324692 - Font color is now applied correctly for RTF text.
* \#I314857 - Cell values with custom number format and word-wrap applied being replaced with # in Excel to PDF conversion is now resolved.
* \#I315699 - Format exception thrown while applying the number format with culture code is now resolved.
* \#I318802 - Data Validation is now proper for RTL direction in Excel to PDF conversion.
* \#I326500 - Bold style is now applied properly for RTF text.
* \#I325919 - Data now loads properly into Excel document having power query, after refresh.
* \#I325781 - Exception thrown while parsing picture type marker in the chart is now resolved.
* \#FB24874 - Application runs properly while opening an Excel document having custom XML.
* \#I326500 - Bullet color is now proper in RTF text.
* \#I327039 - Exception thrown while resaving an Excel file with chart having external data range is now resolved.
* \#I320095 - Inline styles are imported correctly in the HTML table to Excel conversion.
* \#I327973 - Application getting hanged while opening Excel document with conditional formatting is now resolved.
* \#I329443 - File corruption issue while resaving Excel document with VML shape is fixed.
* \#I327556 - Exception thrown while parsing Excel functions in parallel threads is now resolved.
* \#I327843 - Weekdays are now rendered properly in Excel to PDF conversion.
* \#I327841 - Date values are now rendered properly in Excel to PDF conversion.
* \#I327840 - Shape text is not proper in Excel to PDF conversion.
* \#I325116 - Exception thrown while opening Excel document with the combinational chart is now resolved.
* \#I329608 - Cell styles are now copied properly while applying template marker with nested objects.
* \#I323615 - Pivot Table layout is now rendered properly in Excel to PDF conversion.
* \#I329723 - NullReferenceException thrown while opening Excel document in Windows Server 2012 R2 is now resolved.
* \#I327842 - Unicode symbols hidden in the header and footer text are now rendered properly in Excel to PDF conversion.
* \#I328837 - Font switching is now proper for the Bengali language in Excel to PDF conversion.
* \#I325276 - Arabic text is now rendered properly in Excel to PDF conversion.
* \#I326280 - Category axis is now rendered properly in PDF conversion.
* \#I328825 - Chart trendline is now rendered properly in PDF conversion.
* Fixed ObjectReferenceException while opening the Excel document.
* Pivot border is now handled correctly in Pivot Layout.
* Scatter chart with color to data point is now rendered correctly in Excel to PDF conversion.
* IndexOutOfRangeException thrown while converting chart series in PPTX to PDF is now resolved.
* Worksheet protected with empty password is now handled correctly.

