---
title: Essential Studio for ASP.NET Weekly Nuget Release Release Notes  
description: Essential Studio for ASP.NET Weekly Nuget Release Release Notes  
platform: aspnet
documentation: ug
---

# Essential Studio for ASP.NET  Release Notes  

{% include release-info.html date="October 18, 2022"  version="v20.3.0.50" %} 





## DocIO

### Bug Fixes
{:#DocIO-bug-fixes}

* \#F177854 - Hanging issue has been resolved while converting a RTF format document to HTML. 
* \#I409544 - Hanging issue has been resolved while calling `AcceptAll()` method.
* \#I409115 – Child shape is now preserved properly while calling `ImportContent()` method.
* Reference field with hidden bookmark is now updated properly while calling `UpdateDocumentFields()` method.
## PDF

### Bug Fixes
{:#PDF-bug-fixes}

* \#I407312 - 	Text missing issue will no longer occur when extracting text from a PDF document.
* \#I404458 - 	KeyNotFoundException will no longer occur while extracting the images from the pdf document.
* \#I410248 - 	The issue with "Spacing while extracting text from specific document" has now been resolved.
* \#I409395 - 	The issue with "Cropping while adding string in the nested grid" has now been resolved.
* \#I404263 - 	Find text works properly in the OCRed PDF document.

## Presentation

### Bug Fixes
{:#Presentation-bug-fixes}

* \#I406388 - Thai text characters will now preserved properly while converting a PowerPoint presentation to PDF.
* \#I410544 - The **OutOfMemoryException** will no longer be thrown while cropping an image.
## XlsIO

### Bug Fixes
{:#xlsio-bug-fixes}

* \#I409894 - Not supported exception thrown while importing HTML table having em tag to worksheet is now resolved.
* \#I386647 - End of stream reached exception thrown while opening XLSB file with more than 9 worksheets is now resolved.
* \#I410015 - Application being hanged while parsing client data with FirstButton element having an empty value in the shape is now resolved.
* \#I410601 - Chart series with a gap width of zero is now rendered properly in Excel to PDF conversion.
* \#I409068 - Data labels are now rendered correctly in the chart to image conversion for German culture.
