---
title: Essential Studio for ASP.NET Weekly Nuget Release Release Notes  
description: Essential Studio for ASP.NET Weekly Nuget Release Release Notes  
platform: aspnet
documentation: ug
---

# Essential Studio for ASP.NET  Release Notes  

{% include release-info.html date="August 23, 2022"  version="v20.2.0.45" %} 





## DocIO

### Bug Fixes
{:#DocIO-bug-fixes}

* \#I396577 - Hanging issue has been resolved while converting a Word document to PDF.
* \#I395256 - The **IndexOutOfRangeException** will no longer be thrown while converting a Word document to PDF.
* \#I397203 - OLE picture is now preserved properly while resaving a DOCX format document.
* \#I397111 - Hyphenation for text are applied properly while converting a Word document to PDF.
* \#I396073 - Mapped content control is now preserved properly while converting a DOCX format document to PDF.
* \#I395922 - Floating table is now preserved properly while converting a Word document to PDF.
* \#I394273 - Table is now preserved properly while converting a Word document to PDF.

## Presentation

### Bug Fixes
{:#Presentation-bug-fixes}

* \#I395045 - Character spacing now applied properly while converting a PowerPoint presentation to PDF.
## XlsIO

### Bug Fixes
{:#xlsio-bug-fixes}

* \#I396484 - Argument exception thrown while opening an Excel document having theme colors with empty values has been resolved.
* \#I397188 - HTML table header with bold style is now rendered properly while importing HTML to Excel.
* \#I398736 - Excel document having VLOOKUP formula with conditional format is now resaved properly without any corruption.
* \#I393983 - FILTER and ANCHORARRAY formulas are now preserved properly while resaving the Excel document.

