---
title: Essential Studio for ASP.NET 2022 volume 1 Main release Release Notes  
description: Essential Studio for ASP.NET 2022 volume 1 Main release Release Notes  
platform: aspnet
documentation: ug
---

# Essential Studio for ASP.NET  Release Notes  

{% include release-info.html date="April 4, 2022" version="v20.1.0.47" %} 





## DocIO

### Features
{:#DocIO-features}

* \#I131175, \#I195343, \#I199221, \#I323836, \#I333914, \#I343475, \#I358626 - Provided support for preserving picture fill in DOCX to PDF/Image conversion.
* \#I341225 - Provided an API to link paragraph and character styles in a Word document.

### Breaking Changes
{:#DocIO-breaking-changes}

* The default XHTML validation type is changed from `XHTMLValidation.Transitional` to `XHTMLValidation.None` while importing a HTML file.
## PDF

### Features
{:#PDF-features}

* \#I259782, \#I308276 - Added support for importing and exporting annotations with appearance. 
* \#F169363 – Added Support for embedding the non-embedded font in an existing pdf document.
* \#I361251 - Added support for converting the PDF/A conformance document to a normal PDF document.
* \#I362189 - Added support to get annotation type and creation date directly from PdfLoadedAnnotation instance.
* \#I358952 - Improved the performance of Annotation flattening by 30 times faster. 
* Improved the performance of PDF to PDF/A conversion by 2.5 times faster than before. 
* Added support for setting base URL for PDF document. 

### Breaking Changes
{:#PDF-breaking-changes}

* Starting with v20.1.0.x, if you reference Syncfusion HTML converter assemblies from trial setup or from the NuGet feed, include a license key in your projects. Refer to this [link](https://help.syncfusion.com/file-formats/licensing/licensing) for generating and registering a Syncfusion license key in your application to use the components without a trail message.
## Presentation

No Changes for this product in this version.

[//]: # "Delete the contents of this file while new content is added."

## XlsIO

### Features
{:#xlsio-features}

* Provided support for new functions such as XLOOKUP, VALUETOTEXT, ARRAYTOTEXT, XMATCH, and LET.

### Bug Fixes
{:#xlsio-bug-fixes}

* \#I366365 - The default space maintained between cell border and cell text is now rendered properly in Excel to PDF conversion.
