---
title: Essential Studio for ASP.NET Weekly Nuget Release Release Notes  
description: Essential Studio for ASP.NET Weekly Nuget Release Release Notes  
platform: aspnet
documentation: ug
---

# Essential Studio for ASP.NET  Release Notes  

{% include release-info.html date="December 29, 2022"  version="v20.4.0.41" %} 





## DocIO

No Changes for this product in this version.

[//]: # "Delete the contents of this file while new content is added."

## PDF

### Bug Fixes
{:#PDF-bug-fixes}

* \#I422693 -	The issue with "Export annotation not working properly from an existing PDF document" has now been resolved.
* \#I423274 - 	The key not found exception will no longer occur when loading a PDF document with no layers.
* \#I425161 - 	The values are now selected properly when adding the Combo box to the PDF document.
* \#I419140 - 	No longer failed to load image exception occurs while OCRing the image.
* \#I423210 - 	The exit metadata value now will no longer be included when disabling incremental updates.
* \#I423955 - 	Culture changes to the invariant issue will no longer occur after performing text extraction operations.
* \#I425496 - 	The `IsBlank` property issue will no longer occur when parsing an existing PDF document.
* \#I423288 - 	An exception will no longer occur when repairing document structure corrupted PDF document.
* \#I420880 - 	The issue with "External true type fonts not properly preserved in chrome issue" has now been resolved.
* \#F179370, #F179371 - The issues with missing annotations and signature fields will no longer occur when parsing an existing PDF document.

## Presentation

No Changes for this product in this version.

[//]: # "Delete the contents of this file while new content is added."

## XlsIO

### Bug Fixes
{:#xlsio-bug-fixes}

* \#I420822 - Text box text alignment is now rendered properly in Excel to PDF conversion even when each text has individual alignment.
* \#I423423 - Text filter now works case insensitive, while applying advanced filter with unique option.
* \#I422639 - Exception thrown while converting a combination of bar and scatter chart to image is now resolved.
