---
title: Essential Studio for ASP.NET Weekly Nuget Release Release Notes  
description: Essential Studio for ASP.NET Weekly Nuget Release Release Notes  
platform: aspnet
documentation: ug
---

# Essential Studio for ASP.NET  Release Notes  

{% include release-info.html date="November 15, 2022"  version="v20.3.0.57" %} 





## DocIO

### Bug Fixes
{:#DocIO-bug-fixes}

* \#I414794 – The **NullReferenceException** will no longer be thrown while opening the resaved RTF document.
* \#I416641 – Hanging issue has been resolved while opening a DOCX format document.
* \#I417177 – Table is now preserved properly while resaving a RTF format document.
* \#I416325 – The **NullReferenceException** will no longer be thrown while converting a RTF format document to image.
* \#I415336 – The **InvalidcastException** will no longer be thrown while executing mail merge in a Word document.
* \#I416738 – Contents are now preserved properly after executing mail merge in a Word document.
## PDF

### Bug Fixes
{:#PDF-bug-fixes}

* \#I412677 - 	The preservation issue will no longer occur when converting XPS to a PDF document.
* \#I417558 - 	The header and footer are added properly while converting HTML to PDF.
* \#F176704 - 	The incorrect signature validation results will no longer occur while validating the signature.
* \#I415576 - 	The hanging issue will no longer occur when performing signature validation.
* \#I416147 - 	The header and footer alignments are added properly to the table of contents.
* \#I417772 - 	The extraction failure will no longer occur when extracting attachments from a PDF document.

## Presentation

### Bug Fixes
{:#Presentation-bug-fixes}

* \#F178354 - The **NullReferenceException** will no longer be thrown while parsing the Picture bullet of SmartArt shape.
* \#F178354 - Placeholder shape is now preserved properly while converting a PowerPoint presentation to Image.
