---
title: Essential Studio for ASP.NET 2022 Volume 3 SP Release Release Notes  
description: Essential Studio for ASP.NET 2022 Volume 3 SP Release Release Notes  
platform: aspnet
documentation: ug
---

# Essential Studio for ASP.NET  Release Notes  

{% include release-info.html date="November 08, 2022"  version="v20.3.0.56" %} 





## DocIO

### Bug Fixes
{:#DocIO-bug-fixes}

* \#F178175 – The **NullReferenceException** will no longer be thrown while opening a DOCX format document.
* \#I413796 - The **ArgumentException** will no longer thrown while opening a DOCX format document.
* \#I412826 - The **NullReferenceException** will no longer be thrown while converting a Word document to PDF.
* \#F177624 - Mapped content control is now preserved properly while converting a DOCX format document to PDF.
* \#I411265 - Hanging issue has been resolved while converting a Word document to PDF.
* \#I413315 - Table now positioned properly while converting a Word document to PDF.
* \#I413793 - Gradient fill for shape is now preserved properly while resaving a DOCX format document.
* \#I414869 - Table is now preserved properly while resaving a DOCX format document.
## PDF

### Features
{:#PDF-features}

* \#F177389, #I404480 – Provided support to add animation to Pdf3DAnnotation in a PDF document.

### Bug Fixes
{:#PDF-bug-fixes}

* \#I409395 -	Cropping issue while adding string in the nested grid is now resolved.
* \#I406672 -	PdfGird is now preserved properly when the same instance is drawn multiple times.
* \#I410248 -	Spacing issue while extracting text from specific documents is now resolved.
* \#I406739 -	The X and Y coordinate switched issue when extracting text from the incrusted table is now resolved.
* \#F177009 -	Annotations are now added properly based on the find text result in a Redacted PDF document.
* \#I414106 -	Object reference exception no longer occurs while exporting images with export settings.
* \#I413162 -	Extracting text with text data list now returns without missing data.
* \#I408573 -	Image quality loss while performing PDF to Image Conversion is now resolved.
* \#I405840 -	Signature validation result returns incorrect details when validating the signature document is now resolved.
* \#I405400 -	Invalid operation exception no longer occurs while compressing PDF documents in multithreading.
* \#I403678 -	OCRProcessor does not recognize particular text in the PDF document is now resolved.
* \#I391144 -	Row rendering issue no longer occurs while paginating the PDF grid row in a PDF document.
* \#I413150 -	Null reference exception no longer occurs when saving annotation with appearance.
* \#I412445 -	Extracting the embedded attachments no longer fails in the specific PDF document.
* \#I411988 -	Formatting issue no longer occurs when flattening form fields.
* \#I409952 -	Null reference exception no longer occurs when merging a particular PDF document with Bookmarks.
* \#IF177662 -	Content not shown issue will no longer occur when adding a footer in the PDF document.
* \#I407962 -	Character "€" fails to extract text issue will no longer occur while extracting the text from PDF document.
* \#I407312 -	Text missing issue will no longer occur when extracting text from a PDF document.
* \#I407153 -	Multiline works properly when disabling from a loaded text box field.
* \#I404263 -	Find text works properly in the OCRed PDF document.
* \#I404788 -	The Layer subject is no longer changed after Merging the Pdf document.
* \#I380583 -	The find text is not working issue will no longer occur when searching text in a PDF document.
* \#I399958 -	Extracting text with text line collection now returns expected results.
* \#I400803 -	Extra space added while extracting the text from the particular PDF document is now resolved.
## Presentation

No Changes for this product in this version.

[//]: # "Delete the contents of this file while new content is added."

## XlsIO

### Bug Fixes
{:#xlsio-bug-fixes}

* \#I410546 - Index out of range exception thrown while data range of a chart having secondary axis.
* \#I395705 - Chinese characters are now positioned properly in worksheet to image conversion.

* Chart series marker color is now applied properly in Excel document.
* Waterfall chart title is now rendered properly in Excel to PDF conversion.
* Alpha value of the cell color is now returned properly. 
