---
title: Essential Studio for ASP.NET Weekly Nuget Release Release Notes  
description: Essential Studio for ASP.NET Weekly Nuget Release Release Notes  
platform: aspnet
documentation: ug
---

# Essential Studio for ASP.NET  Release Notes  

{% include release-info.html date="January 04, 2023"  version="v20.4.0.42" %} 


## DocIO

### Bug Fixes
{:#DocIO-bug-fixes}

* \#I422160 – The **NullReferenceException** will no longer be thrown while calling `AcceptAll` API.
* \#I420371 - Shapes are now preserved properly after ungrouping the group shape in a DOCX format document.
* \#I421979 - Bookmarks are now preserved while converting a DOCX format document to HTML.
* \#I426122 - TOC is now updated properly after calling `UpdateTableOfContents()` method.
* \#I423951 - Picture border is now preserved properly while converting a Word document to PDF.
* \#F39629 - Wrapping is now applied properly for a text while converting a Word document to PDF.
* \#I425454 - Table header row is now preserved properly while converting a Word document to PDF.
* \#I418564 - Nested table is now preserved properly while converting a DOCX format document to PDF.
* \#I424829 - Underline is now preserved properly for the center tab stop while converting a Word document to PDF.


## XlsIO

### Bug Fixes
{:#xlsio-bug-fixes}

* \#I425627 - Plot area of a chart in binary Excel document is now rendered properly in chart to image conversion.
* \#I425620 - Chart borders and gridline colors of a chart in binary Excel document are now rendered properly in chart to image conversion.
* \#I425428 - Null reference exception being thrown when the value of data labels from the cell range count is less than the series point count is now resolved.
* \#I425336 - Null reference exception being thrown when the series category and value axis point count are not equal is now resolved.

* Cells with case sensitive text are now filtered properly.


