---
title: Essential Studio for ASP.NET Weekly Nuget Release Release Notes  
description: Essential Studio for ASP.NET Weekly Nuget Release Release Notes  
platform: aspnet
documentation: ug
---

# Essential Studio for ASP.NET  Release Notes  

{% include release-info.html date="November 29, 2022"  version="v20.3.0.59" %} 






## DocIO

### Bug Fixes
{:#DocIO-bug-fixes}

* \#I415675 – The **StackOverFlowException** will no longer be thrown while converting a Word document to PDF.
* \#I417419 – Hyperlinks are now working properly while converting a Word document to PDF.
* TextBox contents are now preserved properly while converting a DOCX format document to PDF.

## PDF

### Bug Fixes
{:#PDF-bug-fixes}

* \#I419079 - 	The conversion failure when converting XPS to PDF will no longer occur in a particular XPS document.
* \#I419825 - 	The issue with "Formatting exception when getting color from the specific free text annotation PDF document" has now been resolved.
* \#I418031 - 	The issue with "Find text failure for the text containing numbers with hyphens" has now been resolved.
* \#I415562 - 	The out of memory exception will no longer occur when performing extract text for a particular PDF document.

## XlsIO

### Bug Fixes
{:#xlsio-bug-fixes}

* \#I418498 - Workbook argument separator is now set properly when modified through SetSeparators method.
* \#I418957 - Underline being applied to all Excel cells while assigning HTML text with hyperlink to HTMLString property is now resolved.
* \#I414850 - Excel file being corrupted when data validation is applied and resaved is now resolved.
* \#I419965 - Calculated value is correct even when the dependent cell with general number format has number stored as text error.
* \#I419276 - Improper exception message thrown from SetPlatterColor is now modified.

* Font color is now applied even when the indexed color value is greater than 64.

