---
title: Essential Studio for ASP.NET 2022 Volume 2 SP Release Release Notes  
description: Essential Studio for ASP.NET 2022 Volume 2 SP Release Release Notes  
platform: aspnet
documentation: ug
---

# Essential Studio for ASP.NET  Release Notes  

{% include release-info.html date="August 8, 2022"  version="v20.2.0.43" %} 






## DocIO

### Bug Fixes
{:#DocIO-bug-fixes}

* \#I389339 – The frame is now preserved properly while converting a Word document to a PDF.
* \#I392240 – The TextBox is now preserved while resaving a DOCX format document.
* \#I391930 - The **ArgumentException** will no longer be thrown while resaving a DOCX format document.
* \#I391173 – The page number is now updated properly while calling the `UpdateDocumentFields()` method.
* \#I389531 – The table is now preserved properly while converting a Word document to a PDF.
* \#I391139 – The word counts are now updated properly while calling the `UpdateWordCount()` method.
* The text inside shape is now preserved properly while resaving a DOCX format document.
* The shape is now preserved properly while ungrouping the shapes in a DOCX format document.
## PDF

### Features
{:#PDF-Features}
* `#I384529` - Support is added to import & export Calibrate/Line measurement annotation in the PDF library.
* `#I388607` - Support is added to get TextGlyph information from the TextWord API in the .NET framework platform.
* `#F174432` - Support is added to get CRL and OCSP embedded details from the digital signature.


### Bug Fixes
{:#PDF-bug-fixes}
* `#I383953` - Invalid Password Exception will no longer occur when opening a password-protected document.
* `#I388926` - A digital signature failed issue will no longer occur while getting a bookmark count from a signed PDF document. 
* `#F174432` - Exported JSON values are now exported properly, same as original fields values.
* `#I390691` - A preservation issue no longer occurs when performing a PDF to PDF/A-2b conversion in an existing PDF document.
* `#I389922` - The preservation issue will no longer occur after compressing a PDF document.
* `#I387330` - Text color is no longer changed while converting PDF to PDF A conformance in different culture settings.
* `#I385061` - Annotation state is missing issue will no longer occur while importing the annotation with the JSON file.
* `#I379115` - PDF bookmark language is no longer changed while performing the reduction in a particular document.
* `#I384803` - An exception will no longer occur while enabling the EnableFastRendering in Word to PDF conversion.
* `#I384480` - The rotated text missing issue will no longer occur while converting HTML/EMF to PDF document.
* `#I379416` - PDF conformance standard information is now shown properly in the Foxit PDF Editor tool.
* `#I389204` - The top region is now preserved properly when appending the rotated document to a new document.
* `#I389725` - Text is not extracted properly issue will no longer occur by using extract text lines from an existing PDF document.
* `#I389056` - A rendering issue no longer occurs while drawing each page of the PDF template into a new PDF document.
* `#I388814` - Performance is now improved when drawing the PDFGrid with 1L rows and 50 Columns.
* `#I388004` - An unexpected token exception will no longer occur while opening the PDF document with open and repair mode.
* `#I387689` - White spaces are added properly when importing the JSON data into form fields.
* `#I386332` - Issues no longer occur while importing FreetextAnnotation into a particular PDF document.
* `#I386166` - The incorrect field name exception will no longer occur when trying to receive a value from a newly added form field.
* `#I388926` - The signature becomes an invalid issue will no longer occur when the Get page layer counts from an existing PDF document.
* `#I389674`,`#F36097` - Now, the BarHeight value returns the correct value when calling the PDFCode128Barcode.
* `#F35896` - Size values are retrieved properly in the DataMatrixBarcode.
* `#F35869` - Barcode to Image works fine in PdfEan13Barcode and PdfEan8Barcode.
* `#391969` - Exported JSON values are exported properly the same as original fields values

## Presentation

No Changes for this product in this version.

[//]: # "Delete the contents of this file while new content is added."

## Visual Studio Extensions

### Bug Fixes

* #T378812 - Fixed a jquery reference issue in the EJ1 ASP.NET Web Forms project conversion.

## XlsIO

### Bug Fixes
{:#xlsio-bug-fixes}

* \#I386268 - Borders are now properly applied to the cells while resaving the Excel document.

* Chart created from scratch with string values is now rendered properly in Word to PDF Conversion.
* Invalid cast exception being thrown while converting Excel file with chart having date time category axis to PDF is now resolved.

