---
title: Essential Studio for ASP.NET Weekly Nuget Release Release Notes  
description: Essential Studio for ASP.NET Weekly Nuget Release Release Notes  
platform: aspnet
documentation: ug
---

# Essential Studio for ASP.NET  Release Notes  

{% include release-info.html date="May 24, 2022"  version="v20.1.0.57" %} 






## DocIO

### Bug Fixes
{:#DocIO-bug-fixes}

* \#I375240 - Table borders are now preserved properly while resaving a DOCX format document. 
* \#I377506, #I378589 - The **ArgumentOutOfRangeException** will no longer be thrown while converting a HTML file to DOC format document.
* \#I379170 - Image is now preserved properly while converting a Word document to HTML. 
* \#I379154 - Table is now preserved properly while converting a DOCX format document to PDF.

## PDF

### Features
{:#PDF-features}

* \#I370995 - Provided support to enable new line indent in a PdfStringFormat.

### Bug Fixes
{:#PDF-bug-fixes}

* \#I378749 - Performance delay will no longer occur while checking whether the signature field is signed or not.
* \#I379173 - An exception will no longer occur when saving a PDF document with a new signature field.
* \#I378845 - The PDF documents with annotations are now appropriately merged.
* \#I378160 - BackColor is now updated properly when setting the transparent and empty Backcolor to the TextBox Field.
* \#I377579 - The shape missing issue will no longer occur while converting the Presentation to a PDF document.
* \#I377348 - Object Cache warning will no longer occur while performing OCRProcessor in CMD.
## Presentation

### Bug Fixes
{:#Presentation-bug-fixes}

* \#I376596 - The **ArgumentException** will no longer be thrown while converting a PowerPoint presentation to PDF.
* \#I377579 - Character spacing is now applied properly while converting a PowerPoint presentation to PDF.
* \#I378779 - After line spacing is now applied properly while converting a PowerPoint presentation to PDF.
## XlsIO

### Bug Fixes
{:#xlsio-bug-fixes}

* \#F174314 - Format exception being thrown while using number format in Thai culture has been resolved.

