---
title: Essential Studio for ASP.NET Weekly Nuget Release Release Notes  
description: Essential Studio for ASP.NET Weekly Nuget Release Release Notes  
platform: aspnet
documentation: ug
---

# Essential Studio for ASP.NET  Release Notes  

{% include release-info.html date="November 22, 2022"  version="v20.3.0.58" %} 






## DocIO

### Bug Fixes
{:#DocIO-bug-fixes}

* \#I416642 - The **NullReferenceException** will no longer thrown while opening a DOCX format document.
* \#I416025 - Page number is now preserved properly while converting a Word document to PDF.
## PDF

### Bug Fixes
{:#PDF-bug-fixes}

* \#I415274 - 	The issue with "Export annotation as XFDF not working properly for a specific PDF document" has now been resolved.
* \#I418723 - 	The argument exception will no longer occur while compressing a specific PDF document.
* \#I415562 - 	The out of Memory exception will no longer occur when performing extract text for a particular PDF document.
* \#I411536 - 	The metadata will now be updated properly to the PDF document.

## XlsIO

### Bug Fixes
{:#xlsio-bug-fixes}

* \#I412839 - ArgumentOutOfRange exception thrown while resaving Excel document NumberValue formula with 1 argument is now resolved.
* \#I417750 - Format exception thrown while opening the XML document with currency number format is now resolved.
* \#I417968 - End of stream reached exception thrown while opening an empty CSV document is now resolved.
* \#I415790 - Argument exception thrown while resaving Excel document with pivot cache containing duplicate values is now resolved.
* \#F178711 - ArgumentOutOfRange exception thrown while parsing Excel worksheet with outline level value greater than 8 is now resolved.
* \#F178313 - Pivot table filters can now be removed accessing through pivot field.

