---
title: Essential Studio for ASP.NET 2022 volume 1 SP1 Release Notes  
description: Essential Studio for ASP.NET 2022 volume 1 SP1 Release Notes  
platform: aspnet
documentation: ug
---

# Essential Studio for ASP.NET  Release Notes  

{% include release-info.html date="May 12, 2022"  version="v20.1.0.55" %} 





## DocIO

### Bug Fixes
{:#DocIO-bug-fixes}

* \#I374475, I376289 - Paragraph shading is now preserved properly while converting a Word document to PDF
* \#I374538 - PDF file size is reduced while converting a Word document to PDF.
## Gantt

### Bug fixes
{:#gantt-bug-fixes}

* \#372374- Not able to get updated modal properties in latest version has been fixed. 

## PDF

### Features
{:#PDF-features}

* \#I361979 - Added support to load items from the existing signature field.
* \#I368179 - Added support to detect if the document signature is signed with a timestamp alone.
* \#I363215 - Added the support to remove all unsupported annotations while flattening an existing PDF document.

### Bug Fixes
{:#PDF-bug-fixes}

* \#I373194 - Argument exception will no longer occur when inserting a page from one document into another document.
* \#F173841 - The Grid Cell overlapping issue will no longer occur when drawing a PDF grid with a nested grid on a multi-page document.
* \#I369816 - Memory consumption issues will no longer occur when getting the form fields font repeatedly.
* \#I370457 - PDF pages are now shown properly after merging or appending multiple PDF documents into one PDF.
* \#I371562 - No longer provided stream disposed when loading a specific PDF in PdfLoadedDocument.
* \#I371079 - Index out of bounds exception will no longer occur when verifying the digital signature.
* \#I366088 - PdfCertificate is now created without any delay with X509Certificate in an Offline environment.
* \#I372318 - The parent bookmarks are now removed from the PDF document without any issues. 
* \#I372076 - The Destination page index is now retrieved properly for loaded named destinations.
* \#F173683 - Loaded annotation is now retrieved properly while using its name.
* \#I372976 - The check box border width can now be accessed properly without any issues in the PDF document.
* \#I373386 - Font height is now updated properly while creating a new TrueType font with the existing TrueType font.
* \#I372361 - Hyperlinks now work properly while converting conformance PDF to PDF A2B document.
* \#I370979 - There is no longer a hanging issue when calling the redact method on a specific PDF document.
* \#I371416, \#I370670 - An exception will no longer occur when merging the document with other PDF documents.
* \#I372831 - Checkbox values now look properly in all PDF viewers.
* \#F173437 - The row issue will no longer occur when an extra page is added on PDFGrid rendering.
* \#I370312 - Date time format in the text box field is now preserved properly after flattening the PDF document.
* \#I375999 - The child bookmark cloning issue is resolved while splitting the PDF document.
* \#I375403 - The checkbox field symbols are now shown properly after flattening the PDF document.
* \#I370362, \#I373543, \#I376707 - The PDF document will no longer be corrupted while creating tagged PDFs from different cultural settings.
* \#I370753 - An exception will no longer occur while performing OCR on multi-threading.
* \#I372396 - XML XPathException will no longer occur when loading and saving the PDF document.
* \#I375314 - A "parameter is not valid" exception will no longer occur while OCRing the PDF document.
## Presentation

### Breaking Changes
{:#Presentation-breaking-changes}

* `FontSettings` class is moved to `Syncfusion.Presentation` namespace.

## XlsIO

### Bug Fixes
{:#xlsio-bug-fixes}

* \#I377757, #I377705, #I377816 - Null reference exception being thrown while creating an Excel document with hyperlink is now resolved.
