---
title: Essential Studio for ASP.NET Weekly Nuget Release Release Notes  
description: Essential Studio for ASP.NET Weekly Nuget Release Release Notes  
platform: aspnet
documentation: ug
---

# Essential Studio for ASP.NET  Release Notes  

{% include release-info.html date="December 06, 2022"  version="v20.3.0.60" %} 






## DocIO

### Bug Fixes
{:#DocIO-bug-fixes}

* \#I383879 – Paragraph spacing is now preserved properly while cloning a DOCX format document.
* \#I410531 – Table is now positioned properly while converting a DOCX format document to PDF.
* \#I419642 - Table is now preserved properly while converting a Word document to PDF.
* \#I420782 - The **ArgumentException** will no longer be thrown while executing a mail merge in a Word document.
## PDF

### Features
{:#PDF-features}

* \#F419448 -	Provided support to add currency number format to the form field from an existing PDF document.

### Bug Fixes
{:#PDF-bug-fixes}

* \#I418989 - 	The textbox multiline preservation issue will no longer occur in a specific PDF document.
* \#I421277 - 	The issue with "OCSP information not embedded while enabling LTV for a specific certificate" has now been resolved.
* \#I420411 - 	The issue with "Flattened annotations not located properly in the specific PDF document" have now been resolved.
* \#I421642 - 	The layer subject will no longer be changed after merging a PDF document.
* \#I418555 - 	The conformance failure will no longer occur from the PDF document.
* \#I420877 - 	Some text is a truncated issue that will no longer occur when converting HTML to PDF.
* \#I421114 - 	The preservation issue will no longer occur while drawing the nested grid in a PDF document.

## Presentation

### Bug Fixes
{:#Presentation-bug-fixes}

* \#I419268 - The **NullReferenceException** will no longer be thrown while converting a PowerPoint presentation to PDF.
