---
title: Essential Studio for ASP.NET Weekly Nuget Release Release Notes  
description: Essential Studio for ASP.NET Weekly Nuget Release Release Notes  
platform: aspnet
documentation: ug
---

# Essential Studio for ASP.NET  Release Notes  

{% include release-info.html date="December 28, 2022"  version="v20.4.0.40" %} 

<style>
#license {
    font-size: .88em!important;
margin-top: 1.5em;     margin-bottom: 1.5em;
    background-color: #def8ff;
    padding: 10px 17px 14px;
}
</style>

<div id="license">
We have removed the Syncfusion Licensing NuGet package v20.4.0.40 from the nuget.org due to an issue with it. To resolve any compilation issues or warnings while using this, upgrade your Syncfusion NuGet packages version to v20.4.0.41 or later.
</div>


## DocIO

### Bug Fixes
{:#DocIO-bug-fixes}

* \#I418564, #I418564, #I419529 - Table is now preserved properly while converting a DOCX format document to PDF.
* \#I421989 – The **ArgumentException** will no longer be thrown while converting a Word document to PDF.
* \#I418564 - Nested table is now preserved properly while converting a DOCX format document to PDF.

## PDF

### Bug Fixes
{:#PDF-bug-fixes}

* \#I422693 -	The issue with "Export annotation not working properly from an existing PDF document" has now been resolved.
* \#I423274 - 	The key not found exception will no longer occur when loading a PDF document with no layers.
* \#I425161 - 	The values are now selected properly when adding the Combo box to the PDF document.
* \#I419140 - 	No longer failed to load image exception occurs while OCRing the image.
* \#I423210 - 	The exit metadata value now will no longer be included when disabling incremental updates.
* \#I423955 - 	Culture changes to the invariant issue will no longer occur after performing text extraction operations.
* \#F179370 - 	The issues with missing annotations and signature fields will no longer occur when parsing an existing PDF document.
* \#I425496 - 	The `IsBlank` property issue will no longer occur when parsing an existing PDF document.
* \#I423288 - 	An exception will no longer occur when repairing document structure corrupted PDF document.
* \#I420880 - 	The issue with "External true type fonts not properly preserved in chrome issue" has now been resolved.

<style>
#note {
    font-size: .88em!important;
margin-top: 1.5em;     margin-bottom: 1.5em;
    background-color: #efd9fd;
    padding: 10px 17px 14px;
}
</style>
<div id="note">
Note : The bug or feature items that do not have a corresponding ID associated with them are internally identified.
</div>