---
title: Essential Studio for ASP.NET Weekly Nuget Release Release Notes  
description: Essential Studio for ASP.NET Weekly Nuget Release Release Notes  
platform: aspnet
documentation: ug
---

# Essential Studio for ASP.NET  Release Notes  

{% include release-info.html date="May 03, 2022"  version="v20.1.0.52" %} 






## DocIO

### Bug Fixes
{:#DocIO-bug-fixes}

* \#I373510 - Hanging issue has been resolved while converting a Word document to PDF.
* \#I375033 - Extra blank page will not be added while converting a Word document to PDF.
* \#F34042 - The **InvalidOpertaionException** will no longer be thrown while resaving a DOCX format document.
* \#I376385 - AutoFit text box is now preserved properly while converting a Word document to PDF.
* \#I373666 - The **OutOfMemoryException** will no longer be thrown while converting a Word document to PDF in Azure Function.
* \#I373254 - The **ArgumentException** will no longer be thrown while opening a DOC format document.
* \#I375233 - The **NullReferenceException** will no longer be thrown while converting a Word document to PDF.
* \#I373162, I377215 - List numbers are now preserved properly while converting a DOCX  format document to PDF.
* \#I375332 - The **ArgumentException** will no longer be thrown while resaving a DOCX format document.
* \#I374709 - Paragraph is now preserved properly while converting a Word document to HTML.
## PDF

### Bug Fixes
{:#PDF-bug-fixes}

* \#I375403 - The checkbox field symbols are now shown properly after flattening the PDF document.
* \#I370362, \#I373543, \#I376707 - The PDF document will no longer be corrupted while creating tagged PDFs from different cultural settings.
* \#I375835 - The preservation issue will no longer occur when compressing PDFs with images.
* \#I370753 - An exception will no longer occur while performing OCR on multi-threading.
## Presentation

No Changes for this product in this version.

[//]: # "Delete the contents of this file while new content is added."

## XlsIO

### Bug Fixes
{:#xlsio-bug-fixes}

* \#F52797 - The argument out of range exception thrown while parsing the cell value having the cell type as the inline string has been resolved.
* \#I375775 - The dark color being applied for pivot rows while applying the pivot cell format has been resolved.

