---
title: Essential Studio for ASP.NET Weekly Nuget Release Release Notes  
description: Essential Studio for ASP.NET Weekly Nuget Release Release Notes  
platform: aspnet
documentation: ug
---

# Essential Studio for ASP.NET  Release Notes  

{% include release-info.html date="October 05, 2022"  version="v20.3.0.48" %} 





## DocIO

### Bug Fixes
{:#DocIO-bug-fixes}

* \#F177624 - Mapped content control is now preserved properly while converting a DOCX format document to PDF.
* \#I404161 - Table is now preserved properly while converting a DOCX format document to PDF.
* \#I405849 – Nested table is now preserved properly while converting a DOCX format to PDF.
* \#I407046 - The **IndexOutOfRangeException** will no longer be thrown while opening a Word document containing SEQ field.
* \#I407922 - The **NullReferenceException** will no longer be thrown while converting a Word document to PDF.
* \#I407750 - Text is now preserved properly while converting a RTF format document to DOCX.
* \#I407266 - Table in alternate chunks document is now preserved properly after calling `UpdateAlternateChunks()` method.
* \#I402940 - The **NullReferenceException** will no longer be thrown while converting a Word document to HTML.
## PDF

### Features
{:#PDF-features}

* \#F176901 - 	Provided support to add a digital lock signature in a PDF document.

### Bug Fixes
{:#PDF-bug-fixes}

* \#I407153 -	Multiline works properly when disabling from a loaded text box field.
* \#I408573 -	The issue with "Image quality loss while performing PDF to image conversion" has been resolved.
* \#I400803 -	The issue with "Extra space added while extracting the text from the PDF document" has been resolved.
## Presentation

### Bug Fixes
{:#Presentation-bug-fixes}

* \#F150204 - The **NullReferenceException** will no longer be thrown while converting a PowerPoint presentation to Image.
## XlsIO

### Bug Fixes
{:#xlsio-bug-fixes}

* \#I400852 - Multi level label being applied automatically in the chart label while parsing the Excel document is now resolved.

