---
title: Essential Studio for ASP.NET Weekly Nuget Release Release Notes  
description: Essential Studio for ASP.NET Weekly Nuget Release Release Notes  
platform: aspnet
documentation: ug
---

# Essential Studio for ASP.NET  Release Notes  

{% include release-info.html date="June 07, 2022"  version="v20.1.0.59" %} 






## DocIO

### Bug Fixes
{:#DocIO-bug-fixes}

* \#I380290 - The **NullReferenceException** will no longer be thrown while converting a Word document to HTML.
* \#I379502 - Image is now preserved properly while converting a Word document to PDF.
* \#I378075 - Words, Characters, and Paragraphs counts are now updated properly while calling `UpdateWordCount` API.
* \#I381600 - Floating Item is now preserved properly while converting a Word document to PDF.
* \#I379158 – Contents inside frame are now preservation properly while resaving the Word document.
* \#I381065 - Line break is now preserved properly while converting a Word document to HTML.
* \#I379158 - Text is now preserved properly while converting a Word document to PDF.
* \#I379364 – List paragraph is now preserved properly while converting a Word document to HTML.
## pdf

No Changes for this product in this version.

[//]: # "Delete the contents of this file while new content is added."

## Presentation

### Bug Fixes
{:#Presentation-bug-fixes}

* \#I377515 - Slide background color is now applied properly while converting a PowerPoint presentation to PDF.
* \#I380663 – Shape guide is now applied properly while converting a PowerPoint presentation to Image.
## XlsIO

### Bug Fixes
{:#xlsio-bug-fixes}

* \#I377529 - HTML table with tbody tag is now imported properly into Excel document.
* \#I376340 - Application being hanged while opening an Excel document with conditional formatting having whitespace is now resolved.
* \#I378250 - Rich text is now rendered properly in worksheet to image conversion.
* \#I378154 - Argument exception thrown while accessing first formula of date conditional formatting is now resolved.
* \#I377896 - Performance deay in converting Excel docuemnt with more blank cells and shapes to PDF is now resolved.

