---
title: Essential Studio for ASP.NET Weekly Nuget Release Release Notes  
description: Essential Studio for ASP.NET Weekly Nuget Release Release Notes  
platform: aspnet
documentation: ug
---

# Essential Studio for ASP.NET  Release Notes  

{% include release-info.html date="July 12, 2022"  version="v20.2.0.38" %} 





## DocIO

### Bug Fixes
{:#DocIO-bug-fixes}

* \#I383879 - Paragraph spacing is now preserved properly while clone and merging a section into a Word document.
* \#I384139 - Table content is now preserved properly while converting a Word document to PDF.
* \#I387152 – List number is now properly preserved while converting a Word document to PDF.
* \#I384583 - The paragraph inside a frame is now preserved properly while converting a Word document to PDF.
* \#I384138 - Tables are now preserved properly while converting a Word document to PDF.
* \#I311564 - TOC navigation is now working properly while converting a Word document to PDF.
* \#I379364 - List number is now preserved properly while converting a Word document to HTML.
* \#I385266 - Styles are now removed properly while removing styles from a Word document.
* \#I387605 - Hyphenated text is now preserved properly while converting a Word document to PDF.
* Sequence field is now updated properly while calling `UpdateDocumentFields()` method.



## pdf

No Changes for this product in this version.

[//]: # "Delete the contents of this file while new content is added."

## Presentation

### Bug Fixes
{:#Presentation-bug-fixes}

* \#I386419 - Alpha value is now applied properly in black color while converting a PowerPoint presentation to PDF.
## XlsIO

### Bug Fixes
{:#xlsio-bug-fixes}

* \#I381593 - Excel file with unicode string being corrupted during resave is now resolved.
* \#I386988 - Excel file with pivot table being corrupted during resave is now resolved.
* \#I389301 - Logarithmic axis with min and max value is now rendered properly in chart to image conversion.

