---
title: Essential Studio for ASP.NET Weekly Nuget Release Release Notes  
description: Essential Studio for ASP.NET Weekly Nuget Release Release Notes  
platform: aspnet
documentation: ug
---

# Essential Studio for ASP.NET  Release Notes  

{% include release-info.html date="May 17, 2022"  version="v20.1.0.56" %} 





## DocIO

### Bug Fixes
{:#DocIO-bug-fixes}

* \#I373903 - Shape is now preserved properly while converting a DOCX format document to PDF.
* \#I379163 - Text is now wrapped properly while converting a Word document to PDF.
* \#I373485 - Decimal tab is now preserved properly while converting a Word document to PDF.
* \#I376688 - Chinese text is now wrapped properly while converting a Word document to PDF.
* \#I377704 - Page margin is now preserved properly while converting a Word document to PDF.
* \#I377575 - The **OpenXmlPackageException** will no longer be thrown while opening a Word document.
## PDF

### Bug Fixes
{:#PDF-bug-fixes}

* \#I376601 - Stack overflow exception will no longer occur while drawing a PDF template in a PDF document.		
* \#I376827 - Now, the file size has been optimized when compressing a PDF document.		
* \#I376946, \#I377764 - An exception will no longer occur when accessing bounds after removing the annotation from a PDF document.
* \#I374931 - The PDF document opens properly in the Firefox browser after loading the document using the PDF library.
* \#I375835 - The preservation issue will no longer occur when compressing the PDF document.
* \#I376554 - The null reference exception will no longer occur in the page number field when saving the PDF document.





## Presentation

### Bug Fixes
{:#Presentation-bug-fixes}

* \#I378640, \#I376955 - The **IndexOutOfRangeException** will no longer be thrown while saving the PowerPoint presentation.
* \#I376372 - Bold style is now returned properly from existing PowerPoint presentation.
* \#I375198 - List type is now returned properly from existing PowerPoint presentation.
## XlsIO

### Bug Fixes
{:#xlsio-bug-fixes}

* \#I374768 - Not supported exception thrown while applying minimum and maximum bounds for category axis in the chart has been resolved.
* \#I377731 - Data is now imported properly even when the list objects namespace contains system.
* \#I375960 - Formula being considered as string when used in named range while creating the Excel document is now resolved.
* \#F172299 - Merged cells borders are now preserved properly while importing data into the Excel document using template markers.

