---
title: Essential Studio for ASP.NET 2022 Volume 4 main Release Release Notes  
description: Essential Studio for ASP.NET 2022 Volume 4 main Release Release Notes  
platform: aspnet
documentation: ug
---

# Essential Studio for ASP.NET  Release Notes  

{% include release-info.html date="December 21, 2022"  version="v20.4.0.38" %} 

## DocIO

### Features
{:#DocIO-features}

* \#I249958 – Convert the Word document to a Markdown file.
* \#FB-38025 – Preserve new line characters in the table of contents entries of the Word document.

## PDF

### Breaking changes
{:#PDF-breaking-changes}

* Updated the Newtonsoft.Json package to 13.0.2 for HTML to PDF converter to avoid security vulnerabilities.
* By default, the HTML converter uses 2000 milliseconds AdditionalDelay for the conversion. 
* By default, the HTML converter uses 40 as PDF page margin for the HTML to PDF conversion.
* Changed the default value of Viewport size from 1024x0 to 1920x0.

### Bug Fixes
{:#PDF-bug-fixes}

* \#I351114 - Hanging issue no longer occurs while creating the QRBarcode with Arabic text.
* \#I419248 - The ExtractText returning incorrect coordinate bounds is now resolved.
* \#I419825 - The formatting exception when getting color from the specific free text annotation PDF document is now resolved.
* \#I423210 - Unable to edit the XMP Metadata no longer occurs in a specific PDF document.
* \#I421277 - OCSP information not embedded while enabling LTV for a specific certificate is now resolved. 
* \#I420411 - The flattened annotations not located properly in the specific PDF document is now resolved.
* \#I418723 - The argument exception no longer occurs while compressing a specific PDF document.
* \#I418031 - Find text failure for the text containing numbers with hyphens is now resolved.
* \#I415562 - The out of Memory exception no longer occurs when performing extract text for a particular PDF document.
* \#I415274 - Export annotation as XFDF not working properly for a specific PDF document is now resolved.
* \#I420973 - The ink annotation not preserved properly while flattening a specific PDF document is now resolved.
* \#I421396 - The exception no longer occurs when providing an invalid check digit value to the Ean13 Barcode.
* \#I421642 - The layer subject is no longer changed after merging a PDF document.
* \#I421061 - The image size not reduced properly while compressing a specific PDF document is now resolved.
* \#I421114 - The preservation issue no longer occurs while drawing the nested grid in a PDF document.
* \#I420853 – Converting a specific Document to PDF results in large-size output is now resolved.
* \#I418989 - The textbox multiline preservation issue no longer occurs in a specific PDF document.
* \#I417772 - The extraction failure no longer occurs when extracting attachments from a PDF document.
* \#I415576 - The hanging issue no longer occurs when performing signature validation for a particular PDF document.
* \#F176704 - The incorrect signature validation results no longer occur while validating the signature.


## Presentation

### Features
{:#Presentation-features}

* \#I285034, #I300854 – Apply highlight color to a text in the PowerPoint Presentation.
* \#I396782, #I421732 – Find the first occurrence or all occurrences of a text in the entire PowerPoint Presentation or specific slide.
* \#I400759 – Provided an API to recreate nested metafile images while converting a PPTX format to PDF.

### Breaking Changes
{:#Presentation-breaking-changes}

* In earlier releases, the given `System.IO.Stream` instance as a parameter to Open methods was disposed of internally. From this release onwards, `Presentation.Open(Stream)` and `Presentation.Open(Stream, String)` methods will not dispose of the specified stream instance. The user has to take care of its disposal in their application.
* The below listed APIs has been moved  to `Syncfusion.Presentation`.

<table>
<tr>
<thead>
<th>Name</th>	
<th>Type</th>
<th>Old Namespace</th>	
<th>New Namespace</th>
</thead>
</tr>
<tr>
<td>TransitionEffect</td>
<td>Enum</td>
<td>Syncfusion.Presentation.SlideTransition</td>
<td>Syncfusion.Presentation</td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td>TransitionEffectOption</td>
<td>Enum</td>
<td>Syncfusion.Presentation.SlideTransition</td>
<td>Syncfusion.Presentation</td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td>TransitionSpeed</td>
<td>Enum</td>
<td>Syncfusion.Presentation.SlideTransition</td>
<td>Syncfusion.Presentation</td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td>ISlideShowTransition</td>
<td>Interface</td>
<td>Syncfusion.Presentation.Interfaces</td>
<td>Syncfusion.Presentation</td>
</tr>
</table>

## XlsIO

### Breaking Changes
{:#xlsio-breaking-changes}

* \#F178313 - `Remove` method is added under `IPivotFilters` interface to remove existing filters in the pivot field.
 
<style>
#note {
    font-size: .88em!important;
margin-top: 1.5em;     margin-bottom: 1.5em;
    background-color: #efd9fd;
    padding: 10px 17px 14px;
}
</style>
<div id="note">
Note : The bug or feature items that do not have a corresponding ID associated with them are internally identified
</div>