---
title: Essential Studio for ASP.NET Weekly Nuget Release Release Notes  
description: Essential Studio for ASP.NET Weekly Nuget Release Release Notes  
platform: aspnet
documentation: ug
---

# Essential Studio for ASP.NET  Release Notes  

{% include release-info.html date="April 26, 2022"  version="v20.1.0.51" %} 






## DocIO

### Bug Fixes
{:#DocIO-bug-fixes}

* \#I369613 - Paragraph before spacing is now considered while wrapping with table in Word to PDF conversion. 
* \#I373419 - HTML string is now appended properly while calling `AppendHtml()` method.
* \#I374490 – The **ArgumentOutOfRangeException** will no longer been thrown while converting a Word document to PDF.
* \#I372197 - Table of contents are now updated properly while calling `UpdateTableOfContents()` method.
* \#I373708 - Paragraph content is now tagged properly while converting a Word document to PDF.
* \#I375166 - The **ArgumentException** will no longer been thrown while converting a Word document to PDF.
* \#I373190 - Paragraph indents are now preserved properly while converting a DOCX format document to PDF.
* \#I373394 - Bookmark is now exported properly while converting a Word document to PDF. 

## PDF

### Bug Fixes
{:#PDF-bug-fixes}

* \#I375999 - The child bookmark cloning issue is resolved while splitting the PDF document.
* \#I375314 - A "parameter is not valid" exception will no longer occur while OCRing the PDF document.
## Presentation

### Bug Fixes
{:#Presentation-bug-fixes}

* \#I374801, \#I374804 - The **ArgumentNullException** will no longer be thrown while opening a PowerPoint presentation.
## XlsIO

### Bug Fixes
{:#xlsio-bug-fixes}

* \#F174314 - Argument Exception thrown while opening an Excel document with formulas in Thai culture has been resolved.
* \#I375320 - Underline style missing issue has been resolved while adding hyperlink to rich text applied cell.
* \#I373375 - The Logarithmic axis gridline is now rendered properly in chart to image conversion.

