---
title: Essential Studio for ASP.NET Weekly Nuget Release Release Notes  
description: Essential Studio for ASP.NET Weekly Nuget Release Release Notes  
platform: aspnet
documentation: ug
---

# Essential Studio for ASP.NET  Release Notes  

{% include release-info.html date="December 13, 2022"  version="v20.3.0.61" %} 





## DocIO

### Bug Fixes
{:#DocIO-bug-fixes}

* \#I418939 - IF field result is now updated properly while calling `UpdateDocumentFields` method.
* \#I422770 - Document will no longer corrupted while resaving a DOTX format to DOCX format document.
* \#I419529 – Table is now preserved properly while converting a DOCX format document to PDF.
* \#I419499 – The **InvalidOperationException** will no longer be thrown while opening a DOCX format document.
* \#I420700 - Textbox is now preserved properly while converting a DOCX format document to PDF.
## PDF

### Bug Fixes
{:#PDF-bug-fixes}

* \#I420973 - 	The issue with "Ink annotation not preserved properly while flattening a specific PDF document" has now been resolved.
* \#I423210 - 	Unable to edit the XMP Metadata will no longer occur in a specific PDF document.
* \#I419248 - 	The issue with "Extract text returning incorrect coordinate bounds" has now been resolved.
* \#I422646 - 	The issue with the "Find text not working issue in the PDF document" has now been resolved.
* \#I419702 - 	Stamp annotation does preserve properly issues will no longer occur while importing the annotations in the pdf document.

## XlsIO

### Bug Fixes
{:#xlsio-bug-fixes}

* \#I419349 - Parse exception thrown while copying conditional format formula with named range to external workbook is now resolved.

