---
title: Essential Studio for ASP.NET Weekly Nuget Release Release Notes  
description: Essential Studio for ASP.NET Weekly Nuget Release Release Notes  
platform: aspnet
documentation: ug
---

# Essential Studio for ASP.NET  Release Notes  

{% include release-info.html date="October 11, 2022"  version="v20.3.0.49" %} 





## DocIO

### Bug Fixes
{:#DocIO-bug-fixes}

* \#I408204 - Textbox is now positioned properly while converting a Word document to PDF.
* \#I409276 - The **NullReferenceException** will no longer thrown while converting a Word document to PDF.
* \#I400616, #I407526 – Tab stop leader is now preserved properly while converting a Word document to PDF.
* \#I406622 – The **InvalidOperationException** will no longer be thrown while resaving a DOCX format document with revisions. 
* \#I407466 - Table indent is now preserved properly while resaving a RTF format document.
* Bold and Italic text is now preserved properly while converting a DOC format document to PDF.

## PDF

### Bug Fixes
{:#PDF-bug-fixes}

* \#I405193 -	Cryptographic exception will no longer occur while parsing certificates in X509Certificate2 in a Linux environment.
* \#I406672 -	PdfGird is now preserved properly when the same instance is drawn multiple times.
* \#I391144 -	The row rendering issue will no longer occur while paginating the PDF grid row in a PDF document.
* \#I407507 -	Conformance failure will no longer occur in the online validator tool while certifying the PDF document.
* \#I407962 -	Character "€" fails to extract text issue will no longer occur while extracting the text from PDF document.
* \#F177662 - 	The content not shown issue will no longer occur when adding a footer in the PDF document.
* \#F177009 - 	Annotations are now added properly based on the find text result in a Redacted PDF document.
* \#I404456 - 	Exception no longer occurs while performing OCR in a particular pdf.
* \#I406739 - 	The issue with "X and Y coordinate switched when extracting text from the incrusted table" has been resolved.
* \#I405840, I405555 -	The issue with "Signature validation result returns incorrect details when validating the signature document" has been resolved.

## Presentation

### Bug Fixes
{:#Presentation-bug-fixes}

* \#I406846 - The **NullReferenceException** will no longer be thrown while opening the PowerPoint Image from a customized folder. 
## XlsIO

### Bug Fixes
{:#xlsio-bug-fixes}

* \#I405509 - Application being hanged while parsing client data with NoThreeD element having an empty value in the shape is now resolved.
* \#F177425 - Number formatting is now applied correctly when converting Excel to PDF in Indian culture.
* \#I376340 - Argument exception thrown while opening Excel document with combination chart having line chart with an owner index is now resolved.
* \#I408594 - Excel workbook is now cloned properly with custom properties.
* \#I408889 - Filters are now applied correctly even when the filter range contains merged columns.

* Text box can now be created properly with text link.
