---
title: Essential Studio for ASP.NET Weekly Nuget Release Release Notes  
description: Essential Studio for ASP.NET Weekly Nuget Release Release Notes  
platform: aspnet
documentation: ug
---

# Essential Studio for ASP.NET  Release Notes  

{% include release-info.html date="April 12, 2022"  version="v20.1.0.48" %} 





## DocIO

### Features
{:#DocIO-features}

* \#I368275 - Provided an API to convert Word document to HTML with Word compatibility.

### Bug Fixes
{:#DocIO-bug-fixes}

* \#F172876 – Content control is now preserved properly while resaving a DOCX format document.
* \#I369614 - Font size is now preserved properly while converting a Word document to PDF.
* \#I371158 - Text is now preserved properly while converting a Word document to PDF.
* \#I372034 – A Picture inside a frame is now preserved properly while converting a Word document to PDF.

## PDF

### Features
{:#PDF-features}

* \#I361979 - Added support to load items from the existing signature field.
* \#I368179 - Added support to detect if the document signature is signed with a timestamp alone.
* \#I370995 - Added support to add line indent to the first line of the text.

### Bug Fixes
{:#PDF-bug-fixes}

* \#I372396 - XML XPathException will no longer occur when loading and saving the PDF document.
* \#I373194 - Argument exception will no longer occur when inserting a page from one document into another document.
* \#F173841 - Grid Cell overlapping issue will no longer occur when drawing a PDF grid with a nested grid on a multi-page document.
* \#I369816 - Memory consumption issues will no longer occur when getting the form fields font repeatedly.
* \#I370457 - PDF pages are now shown properly after merging or appending multiple PDF documents into one PDF.
* \#I371079 - Index out of bounds exception will no longer occur when verifying the Digital signature.
* \#I366088 - PdfCertificate is now created without any delay with X509Certificate in an Offline environment.
* \#I372318 - The parent bookmarks are now removed from the PDF document without any issues. 
* \#I372076 - The Destination page index is now retrieved properly for loaded named destinations.
* \#F173683 - Loaded annotation is now retrieved properly while using its name.
* \#I372976 - The check box border width can now be accessed properly without any issues in the PDF document.
* \#I373386 - Font height is now updated properly while creating a new TrueType font with the existing TrueType font.
* \#I372361 - Hyperlinks now works properly while converting conformance PDF to PDF A2B document.
* \#I370979 - There is no longer a hanging issue when calling the redact method on a specific PDF document.
* \#I371416, \#I370670 - An exception will no longer occur when merging the document with other PDF documents.


## Presentation

### Bug Fixes
{:#Presentation-bug-fixes}

* \#I367799 - The **NullReferenceException** will no longer be thrown while opening a PowerPoint presentation with customized SmartArt.
* \#I366014 – The Anchor center is now applied properly while converting a PowerPoint presentation to PDF.

## XlsIO

### Bug Fixes
{:#xlsio-bug-fixes}

* \#I371006 - The value of Boolean formula in an Excel cell is now exported properly to the data table.
* \#I372439 - The Stack overflow exception thrown while parsing a cell formula that refers to another worksheet cell has now been resolved.
* \#I371321 - Application hanging while opening an Excel document having a picture with an empty blip fill element has now been resolved. 
* \#I371872 - Application hanging while opening an Excel document having a picture with an empty non visual XML element is now resolved.
* \#I371443 - Chinese text is now rendered properly in the worksheet to image conversion.
* \#I373897 - Exception is no longer thrown while loading data into a template marker with no value for some objects.
* \#I371810 - The Unhandled exception thrown while opening an Excel document with the CONCAT formula has now been resolved.
* \#I369588 - The Index out of range exception thrown while converting the chart with unequal category and value axis external ranges to the image has now been resolved.
* \#I372512 - Scatter chart dash line pattern is now proper in chart to image conversion.
* \#I372437 - Picture shapes with rotation are now rendered properly in Excel to PDF conversion.
* Chart trendline data label formatting is now applied properly in xlsx files.
* Exception is no longer thrown while converting an Excel document to PDF with an empty shared string.
* Exception is no longer thrown while converting the Excel documents to PDF with pivot filter types.

