---
title: Essential Studio for ASP.NET Weekly Nuget Release Release Notes  
description: Essential Studio for ASP.NET Weekly Nuget Release Release Notes  
platform: aspnet
documentation: ug
---

# Essential Studio for ASP.NET  Release Notes  

{% include release-info.html date="July 26, 2022"  version="v20.2.0.40" %} 





## DocIO

### Bug Fixes
{:#DocIO-bug-fixes}

* \#I382560 - Nested IF field result is now updated properly after calling `UpdateDocumentFields()` method.
* \#I384583 - Paragraph inside frame is now preserved properly while converting a Word document to PDF.
* \#I390919 - List numbers are now preserved properly while converting a Word document to PDF.
* \#I388658 – Paragraph spacing now preserved property while converting a Word document to PDF.
* \#I389847 – Shape is now preserved properly while converting a Word document to PDF.
* \#I390680 - Image is now preserved properly if `ImageNodeVisited` event triggered while opening an HTML file.
## pdf

No Changes for this product in this version.

[//]: # "Delete the contents of this file while new content is added."

## Presentation

### Bug Fixes
{:#Presentation-bug-fixes}

* \#I390407 - Presentation library created documents will now properly open in Litera Compare tool.
## XlsIO

### Bug Fixes
{:#xlsio-bug-fixes}

* \#F176166 - Used range is now updated properly while clearing worksheet range with move option. 
* \#I387111 - Cell values being rendered improperly due to invalid argument separator in Denmark culture is now resolved. 
* \#I385620 - Text overlapping while converting Excel to PDF with auto fit columns option is now resolved.
* \#I390444 - Argument out of exception being thrown while opening an Excel file with shared formula is now resolved.
* \#I387844 - Resolved the XML exception being thrown while openig Excel file with whitespace.
* \#I392008 - Not implemented exception thown while parsing custom table styles of Excel workbook is now resolved.
* \#I383129 - Default names are now generated for check boxes if the names are empty in xls format files.
* \#I384894 - Index out of range exception thrown while resaving an Excel document is now resolved.
* \#I390448 - Null reference exception while opening Excel document with data validation referring to external workbook is now resolved.
* \#I386003 - Resolved the file corruption while add copying an Excel with embedded object.
* \#I390520 - Multiple HTML tables can now ne imported to Excel document.

