---
title: Essential Studio for ASP.NET Weekly Nuget Release Release Notes  
description: Essential Studio for ASP.NET Weekly Nuget Release Release Notes  
platform: aspnet
documentation: ug
---

# Essential Studio for ASP.NET  Release Notes  

{% include release-info.html date="August 16, 2022"  version="v20.2.0.44" %} 





## DocIO

### Bug Fixes
{:#DocIO-bug-fixes}

* \#I391324 - Hidden paragraph is now preserved properly while converting a Word document to PDF.
* \#I392207 - Bold text is now preserved properly while saving an RTF format document to DOCX format document.
* \#F176333 – The **NullReferenceException** will no longer be thrown while opening a DOCX format document.
* \#I394794 - Bullets are now preserved properly while converting a DOCX format document to RTF format document.
* \#I394703 – The **NullReferenceException** will no longer be thrown while converting a Word document to PDF.
* \#I393469, #I394283 – The **ArgumentOutOfRangeException** will no longer be thrown while converting a Word document to PDF. 
* \#I397235 - The word counts are now updated properly while calling `UpdateWordCount()` method.
* \#I391009 - Arabic question mark in RTL paragraph is now preserved properly while converting Word document to PDF.
## Presentation

### Bug Fixes
{:#Presentation-bug-fixes}

* \#I396175 - Theme color is now applied properly while converting a PowerPoint presentation to PDF.
* \#I396174 - Alpha value is now applied properly while converting a PowerPoint presentation to PDF.
* \#I395604 - Transparent fill color is now applied properly while converting a PowerPoint presentation to PDF.
## XlsIO

### Bug Fixes
{:#xlsio-bug-fixes}

* \#I394316 - Shadow effects for the images are applied properly while creating an Excel document.
* \#I395705 - Chinese characters with full width colon are now preserved properly in Excel to PDF conversion.
* \#I395811 - Index out of range exception being thrown while resaving the Excel document if the worksheet has active X and form controls in now resolved.
* \#F176073 - Required number of rows and columns can now be changed for a CSV file based on input document.
